The Project Gutenberg eBook of Catalog of Copyright Entries Third Series
Vol 26 Pts 12-13, by Copyright Office Library of Congress

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Catalog of Copyright Entries Third Series Vol 26 Pts 12-13
       Motion Pictures and Filmstrips 1972

Author: Copyright Office Library of Congress

Release Date: April 29, 2021 [eBook #65190]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

Produced by: Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team
             at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
             generously made available by The Internet Archive)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES THIRD
SERIES VOL 26 PTS 12-13 ***

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_
                    Volume 26, Parts 12–13, Number 1




                     Motion Pictures and Filmstrips




                              January-June
                                  1972


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE · THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1972




                           L.C. card 6–-35347

This number identifies the Library of Congress printed card for the
complete series of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.

For sale by the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing
Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Price of this part is given on page vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual or annual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.


Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $50 a year, for periods of one, two, or three
years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates
of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20540.


                         Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part. Some parts also contain registrations made under symbols
other than those listed for the particular part, if the subject matter
or type of material is similar to that generally included in the part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

 F Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
     designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
     those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes to
     which it applies, it designates works first published outside the
     United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
     domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

 I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

 O Published works of foreign origin registered under the waiver-of-fee
     provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_).
     (BIO, GFO)

 P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
     possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

 U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
     either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                              _Price per
                                                              semiannual
                                                                  issue_

   Part 1    Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and
               Contributions to Periodicals (In 2 sections)        $7.50

      A      Books

     BB      Contributions to periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 2    Periodicals (Annual issue)                             5.00

      B      Periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations

  Parts 3–4  Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery            2.50

      C      Lectures and other works prepared for oral
               delivery

      D      Dramatic or dramatico-musical works

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 5    Music (In 2 sections)                                  7.50

      E      Musical compositions

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 6    Maps and Atlases                                       2.50

      F      Maps

      R      Renewal registrations

 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art,
               Scientific and Technical Drawings,
               Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
               Illustrations                                        2.50

      G      Works of art and models or designs for works of
               art

      H      Reproductions of works of art

      I      Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific or
               technical character

      J      Photographs

      K      Prints and pictorial illustrations

      R      Renewal registrations

  Part 11B   Commercial Prints and Labels (Annual issue)            5.00

     KK      Commercial prints and labels

      R      Renewal registrations

 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures and Filmstrips                         2.50

      L      Motion-picture photoplays

      M      Motion pictures other than photoplays

      R      Renewal registrations




Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $50.00; $12.50
additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Current Registrations    1
                       Renewal Registrations   65
                       Name Index              77




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list published and unpublished motion pictures currently
registered in classes L and M, and filmstrips currently registered in
classes A and J. Films for which the copyright has been renewed are
listed separately in the Renewal Registrations section. The motion
pictures registered include feature pictures, cartoons, industrial
films, classroom films, television films, etc. Many of the recording
scripts made to accompany filmstrips are registered in classes C and D
and are listed in _Parts 3–4: Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral
Delivery_.

Arrangement is by title. Each work is described in a main entry which
includes information pertinent to the copyright claim. References are
made from other titles associated with the films.

The Name Index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing
companies, sponsors, authors, etc. given in the main entries covers both
currently registered works and renewal registrations, the latter being
identified by the symbol (R).

For works currently registered each main entry includes the following
items of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Production statement including name of releaser.

  3) Physical description, including running time or number of reels,
       width of film, etc.

  4) Series statement.

  5) Author and title of the published work on which the film is based
       or with which it is correlated.

  6) Names of individuals or organizations contributing to the
       production of the film.

  7) Names of principal actors and actresses, generally not more than
       five.

  8) Names given in the application which do not appear elsewhere in the
       entry.

  9) Application title if it varies substantially in wording from the
       title as it is given in the work.

 10) Name of the employer in the case of a work made for hire, if so
       named in the application.

 11) Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

 12) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed,
       preceded by the abbreviation NM, if this information is given in
       the application and is not indicated elsewhere in the entry.

 13) Copyright symbol ©.

 14) Name of the copyright claimant.

 15) For published works, date of publication as given in the
       application; for unpublished works, the date on which the last of
       all the items required to complete registration (i.e.,
       description and representative prints in the case of motion
       pictures--or a complete copy of the filmstrip--application, and
       fee) was received in the Copyright Office.

 16) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase, “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © Richard Roe & Co.;
19Jan72 (in notice: 1971), LP40400.

Works deposited in connection with copyright registration may be
selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.

For renewal registrations, the main entry includes the following items
of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Length of film in reels.

  3) Name of the author, which is usually the original producing
       company.

  4) Copyright symbol ©.

  5) Date of original copyright.

  6) Original registration number.

  7) Name of the renewal claimant followed by a statement usually
       abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal claim as supplied by
       the applicant; e.g., “John Doe & Co. (PWH)” indicates that
       renewal of copyright is claimed by John Doe & Co. as proprietor
       of copyright in a work made for hire.

  8) Date of receipt of the renewal application or fee, whichever is
       later.

  9) Renewal registration number.




                    Registrations January-June 1972


 Class L-- Domestic published motion-picture photoplays              650

           Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                 5

           Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                      14

 Class M-- Domestic published motion pictures other than
             photoplays                                              802

           Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays          76

 Filmstrips registered in class A                                     54

 Filmstrips registered in class J                                    519

                                                                   -----

                               Total                               2,120

 Renewals: Classes L and M                                           630

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
and filmstrips for January-June 1972, but do not necessarily represent
the exact number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_. Registration figures for other classes of material may be
found in the respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv. print.     privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v., vol.         volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author




                     MOTION PICTURES AND FILMSTRIPS




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of domestic and foreign motion pictures and
filmstrips registered during the period covered by this issue.
References from variant titles and from distinctive subtitles are
interfiled.


                                   A

A IS FOR ALPHABET. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Sep71;
MP22142.

A LA MOZART. Marian I. Siegel. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Marian I.
Siegel; 19May72; LU3631.

[ABDU’L-BAHA: GLIMPSES OF PERFECTION] (Filmstrip) National Spiritual
Assembly of the Baha’is of the United States. 80 fr., b&w, 35 mm. Appl.
author: Baha’i Pub. Committee. © National Spiritual Assembly of the
Baha’is of the United States; 8Nov71; JP13667.

ABDULLAH. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 91.

ABNORMAL BEHAVIOR. CRM Productions. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Psychology today films) © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.;
1Sep71; MP22371.

ABOVE GROUND IRON MINE. King Screen Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 23May72; MP22852.

ABRAHAM, FATHER OF BELIEVERS (Filmstrip) Roa’s Films. 2 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Episode 1–2: The call of Abraham. 42 fr.--The sacrifice of
  Abraham. 29 fr.

  Credits: Director, Jack L. Tyler; script, Sister M. Johnice, I.H.M. &
  Sister M. Elizabeth, I.H.M.; narrator, Michael Rye; illus., Philippe
  Joudiou; music, Tommy Sheridan.

  Appl. author: Andrew Mathe.

  © Roa’s Films; 31Aug65; JP14054.

AN ABSENCE OF LONELINESS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

ABUELITO MIO. San Antonio Independent School District. 9 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Sutherland
Learning Associates. Appl. authors: Dan & Elaine Weisburd. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; LP40804.

ACCIDENT. See

  IRONSIDE.

ACCOUNTING CYCLE. See

  THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.

ACHIEVING RELEVANCE WITHIN THE CURRICULUM. Educational Coordinates. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc,; 1Mar71;
MP22509.

ACID-BASE BALANCE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 37.

ACTION & REACTION. Insurance Information Institute. 30 min., sd. ©
Insurance Information Institute; 29Jun72; MU8462.

ACTION OF STOMATA. No. 634. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film.

Credits: Producer & photographer, B. L. Ruffner.

© Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22668.

ADAPTATION & ILLUSION. See

  COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION.

ADDING A VISUAL DIMENSION TO COUNSELING. Counseling Films. 24 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

Credits: Written & directed by Josiah Dilley, James L. Lee & Don L.
Sorenson.

© Counseling Films, Inc.; 15Jan72; MP22477.

ADDING TO OUR RESOURCES. See

  SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.

ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS, SUMS OF 12. Review Educational
Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational
Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22362.

ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS, SUMS OF 13 & 14. Review
Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review
Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22355.

ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS, SUMS OF 15, 16 & 17. Review
Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review
Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22356.

ADDITION FACTS, SUMS OF 11. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
MP22600.

ADDITION FACTS, SUMS OF 14 AND 15. Review Educational Films. 6 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
1Sep71; MP22601.

ADDITION FACTS, SUMS OF 16, 17, AND 18. Review Educational Films. 5
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 1Sep7l; MP22602.

ADDITIONAL RATING CONSIDERATIONS. See

  PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE COVERAGES & RATING.

ADDITIVE COLOR. See

  COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION.

ADJECTIVES. See

  FORM CLASS WORDS.

ADOLESCENT EXPERIENCE. See

  REFLECTIONS OF MYSELF: THE ADOLESCENT EXPERIENCE.

ADVENTURES OF TROGMOFFY, FILM 1. See

  TIMMY AND MARGARET MEET THE ORANGE CREATURE.

ADVENTURES OF TROGMOFFY, FILM 2. See

  RESCUE ON A STRANGE PLANET.

ADVERBS. See

  FORM CLASS WORDS.

AFRICA: HISTORICAL HERITAGE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
5Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22299.

AFRICA SPEAKS. SERIES 2 (Filmstrip) Doubleday Multimedia. 4 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Geography and development in tropical Africa. 85
  fr.--Introduction to Ethiopia. 68 fr.--A day in the Congo. 51
  fr.--Economics in modern Africa. 120 fr.

  Credits: Writer & director, Ron Atwood; educational consultant,
  Clarence Fielstra; photography, Ron Atwood & Jim Wells.

  © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 24Mar72 (in notice: 1971); JP14102–14105.

AFRICAN FOLK TALES, 926–3. See

  THE GREEDY MAN AND THE STRANGER.

AFRICAN FOLK TALES, 926–4. See

  THE UNBENDING KING & THE MAN WITH TWO WIVES.

AFTER THE FOX. Delegate Productions & Nancy Enterprises. Released by
United Artists Corp. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, John Bryan, director, Vittorio De Sica; writer,
  Neil Simon; music, Burt Bacharach; photographer, Leonida Barboni.

  Cast: Peter Sellers, Victor Mature, Britt Ekland, Martin Balsam, Akim
  Tamiroff.

  © Compagnia Cinematografica Montoro & Nancy Enterprises, Inc.;
  15Dec66; LP40473.

AGAVE. Marajean Graham. 60 min., sd., color. © Marajean Graham; 7Jul72;
LU3633.

THE AGE OF AQUARIUS. American Broadcasting Companies. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Now)

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Aram Boyajian; narrator, John
  Rolfson.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 3Apr70; MP22473.

AGGRESSIVE DISPLAY IN THE SIAMESE FIGHTING FISH. No. 649. Thorne Films.
3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producer & photographer, Bruce J. Russell.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22664.

AGRICULTURAL WORKER IN THE COMMUNE. Ohio State University, Dept. of
Photography & Cinema. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Life in China)

  Credits: Producer & editor, Richard A. Sanderson.

  © Richard A. Sanderson; 17Dec71; MP22363.

AGRICULTURE AND FISHING. See

  SEEING FRANCE.

  SEEING JAPAN.

THE AIR AND SPACE AGE (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 75 fr., color, 35 mm.
© Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13614.

AIRBORNE WEATHER RADAR. United Air Lines. Made by Barbre Productions, a
division of Mullins Broadcasting Co. 20 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
United Air Lines, Inc.; 8Jun71; MP22103.

AIRLINE PERFORMANCE (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 103 fr., color, 35 mm.
© Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13613.

ALADDIN AND THE MAGIC LAMP. See

  STORIES FROM OTHER LANDS: THE ARABIAN NIGHTS.

ALASKA: END OF THE LAST FRONTIER. American Broadcasting Companies. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Now) A presentation of ABC News.

  Credits: Producers, Pierre & Peggy Streit.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 11Jun70; MP22393.

ALASKAN SAFARI. Alaskan Shows. 6 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. © Alaska
Shows (in notice: Alaskan Shows); 2Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LP40400.

ALBERT ELLIS, A DEMONSTRATION: A YOUNG DIVORCED WOMAN. American
Personnel & Guidance Assn. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Distinguished
contributors to counseling series) © American Personnel & Guidance
Assn.; 1Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22710.

ALBERT ELLIS, A DEMONSTRATION: AN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AGE CHILD. American
Personnel & Guidance Assn. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Distinguished
contributors to counseling series) © American Personnel & Guidance
Assn.; 1Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22711.

ALBERT ELLIS: RATIONAL EMOTIVE PSYCHOTHERAPY. American Personnel &
Guidance Assn. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Distinguished contributors
to counseling series) © American Personnel & Guidance Assn.; 1Feb72 (in
notice: 1971); MP22712.

ALBERT ELLIS: RATIONAL EMOTIVE PSYCHOTHERAPY APPLIED TO GROUPS. American
Personnel & Guidance Assn. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Distinguished
contributors to counseling series) © American Personnel & Guidance
Assn.; 1Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22713.

ALBERT GETS RICH. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

ALCOHOL: THE SOCIAL DRUG/THE SOCIAL PROBLEM (Filmstrip) Guidance
Associates of Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace
Jovanovich. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 60 fr.; pt. 2, 75 fr.), color, 35 mm.
With discussion guide, 35 p.

  Credits: Writer, Richard Worth; photographer, Wasyl Szkodzinsky;
  editor, James Relyea.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 16Feb72; A319149.

ALCOHOLISM: OUT OF THE SHADOWS. American Broadcasting Companies. 51
min., sd., color, 16 mm. A presentation of ABC News.

  Credits: Producer & writer, James Benjamin; director, David Tapper.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 21Apr71; MP22387.

ALGERNON, THE AMBULANCE (Filmstrip) International Education & Training.
Made by Instructional Systems. 58 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Wayne Croft; writer, William Langan; photographers,
  Phill Niblock & Martin Bough; art director, Louis Pappas; artist,
  Fredi White.

  © Scope; 1Nov71; JP13785.

ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES. See

  STORIES FROM OTHER LANDS: THE ARABIAN NIGHTS.

ALIAS SMITH AND JONES. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Glen A. Larson; teleplay, Glen A. Larson & Matthew
  Howard.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Jan71; LP40826.

ALL ALONE WITH DADDY. Videorecord Corp. of America. 8 min., sd., color.
Videotape cassette (3/4 in.) Visuals adapted from illus. by Dorothy Lake
Gregory.

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; writer, Joan Fassler; narrator, Myra
  Brent.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22553.

ALL IN THE FAMILY. Tandem Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., b&w,
16 mm. Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny Speight. ©
Tandem Productions, Inc.

  Archie & Edith alone. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; teleplay, Lee Kalcheim, Michael Ross, Bernie West; story, Tina &
  Lee Pine. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally
  Struthers, Connie Sawyer. © 2Feb72; LP40395.

  Archie and the F.B.I. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writers, Michael Ross, Bernie West, Susan Harris. Cast: Carroll
  O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Michael Evans.
  © 12Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP40383.

  Archie gives blood. Credits: Producer & writer, Norman Lear, director,
  John Rich; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean
  Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Mike Evans. © 29Jan71;
  LP40448.

  Archie in the lock-up. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writers, Paul Wayne, Mickey Ross, Bernie West. Cast: Carroll
  O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Michael Evans.
  © 29Sep71; LP40454.

  Archie is jealous. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writer, Rod Parker. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob
  Reiner, Sally Struthers, Brendan Dillon. © 1Mar72; LP40559.

  Archie is worried about his job. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear;
  director, John Rich; writers, Norman Lear, Don Nicholl, Bryan Joseph;
  music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob
  Reiner, Sally Struthers, Holly Irving. © 12Mar71; LP40449.

  Archie sees a mugging. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; teleplay, Philip Mishkin & Don Nicholl; story, Henry Garson.
  Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers,
  Val Bisoglio. © 26Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP40382.

  The blockbuster. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  teleplay, Michael Ross, Bernie West, Austin & Irma Kalish; story,
  Austin & Irma Kalish. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob
  Reiner, Sally Struthers, Michael Evans. © 10Nov71; LP40388.

  Christmas Day at the Bunkers. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear;
  director, John Rich; writer, Don Nicholl. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean
  Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Michael Evans. © 15Dec71;
  LP40393.

  Cousin Maude’s visit. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writers, Philip Mishkin, Michael Ross, Bernie West. Cast:
  Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers,
  Beatrice Arthur. © 8Dec71; LP40392.

  Edith has jury duty. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; teleplay, Susan Harris, Don Nicholl, Bryan Joseph; story, Susan
  Harris; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton,
  Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Doris Singleton. © 5Mar71; LP40387.

  Edith gets a mink. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; teleplay, David Pollock, Elias Davis & Don Nicholl. Cast:
  Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Isabel
  Sanford. © 9Feb72; LP40556.

  Edith, the judge. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  writer, Lee Kalcheim. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob
  Reiner, Sally Struthers, Jack Weston. © 23Feb72; LP40558.

  Edith writes a song. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writer, Lee Kalcheim. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton,
  Rob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Michael Evans. © 6Oct71; LP40564.

  Edith’s accident. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  writers, Michael Ross, Bernie West, Tom & Helen August. Cast: Carroll
  O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Mike Evans. ©
  3Nov71; LP40456.

  Edith’s problem. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  writer, Burt Styler. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob
  Reiner, Sally Struthers, Jeanie Linero. © 5Jan72 (in notice: 1971);
  LP40384.

  Election story. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  writers, Michael Ross, Bernie West. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean
  Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Mike Evans. © 27Oct71;
  LP40455.

  The elevator story. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writer, Alan J. Levitt. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton,
  Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Roscoe Lee Browne. © 29Dec71; LP40394.

  The first and last supper. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director,
  John Rich; writer, Jerry Mayer; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll
  O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Mike Evans. ©
  2Apr71; LP40452.

  Flashback: Mike meets Archie. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear;
  director, John Rich; writers, Philip Mishkin & Rob Reiner. Cast:
  Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob Reiner, Sally Struthers. ©
  13Oct71; LP40565.

  Gloria discovers women’s lib. Credits: Producer & writer, Norman Lear;
  director, John Rich; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor,
  Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Mike Evans. © 19Mar7l;
  LP40450.

  Gloria poses in the nude. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director,
  John Rich; writers, Michael Ross, Bernie West, Norman Lear. Cast:
  Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Mike
  Evans. © 22Sep71; LP40453.

  Gloria’s pregnancy. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton,
  Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Mike Evans. © 12Feb71; LP40386.

  The insurance is cancelled. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director,
  John Rich; teleplay, Lee Kalcheim, Michael Ross, Bernie West; story,
  Lee Kalcheim. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner,
  Sally Struthers, Philip Proctor. © 24Nov71; LP40390.

  Judging books by covers. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director,
  John Rich; writer, Burt Styler. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean
  Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Tony Geary. © 5Feb71; LP40560.

  Lionel moves into the neighborhood. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear;
  director, John Rich; writers, Don Nicholl & Bryan Joseph; music, Roger
  Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob Reiner, Sally
  Struthers, Vincent Gardenia. © 26Feb71; LP40562.

  The man in the street. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; teleplay, Don Nicholl, Paul Harrison, Lennie Weinrib; story,
  Paul Harrison & Lennie Weinrib. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean
  Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Michael Evans. © 1Dec71;
  LP40391.

  Maude. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich; writer,
  Rod Parker. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob Reiner, Sally
  Struthers, Beatrice Arthur. © 8Mar72; LP40555.

  Meet the Bunkers. Credits: Producer & writer, Norman Lear; director,
  John Rich; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean
  Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Michael Evan. © 8Jan71 (in
  notice: 1970); LP40446.

  Mike’s hippie friends come to visit. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear;
  director, John Rich; writers, Philip Mishkin & others; music, Roger
  Kellaway. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob Reiner, Sally
  Struthers, Jack Bender. © 19Feb71; LP40561.

  Mike’s mysterious son. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writer, Warren Murray. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton,
  Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Marcia Rodd. © 19Jan72 (in notice: 1971);
  LP40445.

  Mike’s problem. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  teleplay, Alan J. Levitt & Philip Mishkin; story, Alan J. Levitt.
  Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers,
  Brendan Dillon. © 17Nov7l; LP40389.

  Oh, my aching back. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; writer, Stanley Ralph Ross; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll
  O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Salem Ludwig. ©
  22Jan71; LP40447.

  The saga of Cousin Oscar. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director,
  John Rich. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob Reiner, Sally
  Struthers, Jack Grimes. © 15Sep71; LP40563.

  Sammy’s visit. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  writer, Bill Dana. Cast: Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Rob Reiner,
  Sally Struthers, Sammy Davis, Jr. © 16Feb72; LP40557.

  Success story. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John Rich;
  writers, Burt Styler, Don Nicholl, Bryan Joseph; music, Roger
  Kellaway. Cast; Carroll O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally
  Struthers, William Windom. © 26Mar71; LP40451.

  Writing the President. Credits: Producer, Norman Lear; director, John
  Rich; teleplay, Paul Harrison, Lennie Weinrib & Norman Lear; story,
  Lee Erwin, Fred Freiberger; music, Roger Kellaway. Cast: Carroll
  O’Connor, Jean Stapleton, Bob Reiner, Sally Struthers, Helen Page
  Camp. © 15Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40385.

ALL THE FAMILIAR FACES. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

ALL THE GOLDEN DANDELIONS ARE GONE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

ALL THOSE HELPERS OUT THERE. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 10.

ALLIED HEALTH SCIENCES: READING BLOOD PRESSURE. Videorecord Corp. of
America. 9 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer & programmer, Nettie Hutchins.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22692.

ALLIED HEALTH SCIENCES: VENIPUNCTURE. Videorecord Corp. of America. 10
min., sd., color. Videotape (1/2 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Nettie Hutchins.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22539.

ALLIED INVASION OF SICILY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 377) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15Oct7l; MP22831.

ALMOST ELECTION OF MAYOR WITCHIEPOO. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

ALWAYS ON SUNDAY. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 32.

AMANA, IOWA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 38.

AMERICA: A SINGING NATION (Filmstrip) Keyboard Publications. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 59 fr.; pt. 2, 58 fr.), color, 35 mm. (The American
scene)

  Credits: Producer & writer, Nick Rossi.

  © Keyboard Publications (in notice: a Keyboard Publication); 26Oct70;
  JP14142.

AMERICA: ITS HISTORY THROUGH MUSIC (Filmstrip) Keyboard Publications. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 50 fr.; pt. 2, 57 fr.), color, 35 mm. (The American
scene)

  Credits: Producer & writer, Nick Rossi.

  © Keyboard Publications (in notice: a Keyboard Publication); 26Oct70;
  JP14145.

AMERICA: THE CRADLE OF JAZZ (Filmstrip) Keyboard Publications. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 50 fr.; pt. 2, 56 fr.), color, 35 mm. (The American
scene)

  Credits: Producer & writer, Nick Rossi.

  © Keyboard Publications (in notice: a Keyboard Publication); 18Dec70;
  JP14143.

AMERICA: THE MECCA OF ELECTRONIC MUSIC (Filmstrip) Keyboard
Publications. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 50 fr.; pt. 2, 56 fr.), color, 35 mm.
(The American scene)

  Credits: Producer & writer, Nick Rossi.

  © Keyboard Publications (in notice: a Keyboard Publication); 18Dec70;
  JP14146.

AMERICA! THE POETRY OF A NATION (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 106 fr.; pt. 2, 134 fr.) color, 35 mm. With
discussion guide, 74 p.

  Credits: Writer, Peter Ketchum; photographer, Jeffrey Foxx.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Peter J. Ketchum & Robert Maucher (discussion guide)

  NM: all new except quoted material.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 11May72; A341703.

THE AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES (Filmstrip) National Assn. of Manufacturers
of the United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
mm.

  Contents: 101946–101949: The economy and you. 87 fr.--Comparative
  economic systems. 66 fr.--How to manage your income. 74 fr.--Personal
  economic security. 55 fr.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © National Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in
  notices: 1971); JP14032, 14034, 14029, 14031.

AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES. See

  BUSINESS CYCLES.

  CAPITAL: FOUNDATION OF THE ECONOMY.

  PRICES: BALANCE WHEEL OF THE ECONOMY.

  PRODUCTIVITY: THE KEY TO BETTER LIVING.

  PROFITS: FUEL OF THE ECONOMY.

  THE UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE.

  WAGES IN A MARKET ECONOMY.

THE AMERICAN FLAG (THE STORY OF OLD GLORY) Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Rev. ed. Appl. states
prev. reg. & prev. pub. 11Dec59. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 25Mar70 (in notice: 1969); MP22340.

AMERICAN GOTHIC: HAWTHORNE/MELVILLE (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 75 fr.; pt. 2, 68 fr.), color, 35 mm. With discussion
guide, 53 p.

  Credits: Writer, Wendell S. Johnson; artist, Ben F. Stahl; editor,
  Karen Jacobson; photographer, Ron Tunison.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Aline Benjamin (discussion guide) & Wendell Stacy Johnson.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 17Apr72; A335921.

AMERICAN HERITAGE SOUND FILMSTRIPS. See

  THE CIVIL WAR.

  COLONIAL AMERICA.

  THE REVOLUTION.

AMERICAN MELTING POT. See

  COLONIAL AMERICA.

AMERICAN REPTILES IN THEIR ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2
filmstrips, color. 35 mm.

  Contents: 435–1–-435–2: The place of reptiles in nature. 44
  fr.--Snakes are mighty hunters. 46 fr.

  Credits: Author & photographer, Jay Shuler.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 7Apr69; JP14075–14076.

AMERICAN SCENE. See

  AMERICA: A SINGING NATION.

  AMERICA: ITS HISTORY THROUGH MUSIC.

  AMERICA: THE CRADLE OF JAZZ.

  AMERICA: THE MECCA OF ELECTRONIC MUSIC.

THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN. ABC Sports. Approx. 50 min. each unless
otherwise indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © ABC Sports, Inc.

  1972 show no. 2. © 17Dec71; MP22619.

  3. 25 min. © 27Dec71 (in notice: 1972); MP22620.

  4. © 6Jan72; MP22621.

  5. © 14Jan72; MP22622.

  6. © 25Jan72; MP22623.

  7. 25 min. Appl. states prev. pub. 15Jan71, MP21587. © 16Feb72;
  MP22624.

  8. 25 min. Appl. states prev. pub. 6Jan71, MP21586. © 17Feb72;
  MP22625.

  9. 25 min. Appl. states prev. pub. 6Jan71, MP21586. © 24Feb72;
  MP22626.

THE AMERICAN WOODLANDERS (Filmstrip) Edith Thomson. 42 fr., color, 35
mm. © Edith Thomson; 1Sep71; JP14016.

THE AMERICANIZATION OF JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 8.

AMOS, PROPHET OF JUDGMENT. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

AMPHIBIANS. See

  INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES.

ANALOGIES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 47
fr., color, 35 mm. (Thinking clearly, X–212–E)

  Credits: Illustrator, Kenneth W. Mitchell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13713.

THE ANATOMICAL BASIS OF BRAIN FUNCTION. See

  INTRODUCTION TO THE BRAIN.

  MOVEMENTS OF THE EYES AND TONGUE:

  SOMATIC MOTOR SYSTEM.

  SIGHT: THE VISUAL SYSTEM.

ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE. See

  THE VISUAL SYSTEM: THE GLOBE.

ANATOMY OF YOUTH. American Broadcasting Companies. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Now) A presentation of ABC News.

  Credits: Producer, director, writer, Art Alpert.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 8Sep70; MP22392.

ANCIENT AMERICAN INDIAN CIVILIZATIONS. See

  ANCIENT AZTEC INDIANS OF NORTH AMERICA.

  ANCIENT MAYA INDIANS OF CENTRAL AMERICA.

ANCIENT AZTEC INDIANS OF NORTH AMERICA. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC
filmstrip series, Ancient American Indian civilizations. Appl. states
prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: additional cinematography. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp.; 7Apr72 (in notice: 1971); MP22860.

ANCIENT CRETE (Filmstrip) Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color,
35 mm. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69; A196105.

ANCIENT LAND, TROUBLED LAND. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 8.

ANCIENT MAYA INDIANS OF CENTRAL AMERICA. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC
filmstrip series, Ancient American Indian civilizations. Appl. states
prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: additional cinematography. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp.; 4May72 (in notice: 1971); MP22859.

AND ANYBODY ELSE WHO’S LISTENING. Probe Associates. 23 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. authors: Arthur G. Miller & Maynard Clark. © Probe
Associates, Inc.; 23Dec71; MU8391.

AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT. Kettledrum Lownes
Productions, [England] Released in the U.S. by Columbia Pictures. 88
min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Python Productions film.

  Credits: Producer, Patricia Casey; director, Ian MacNaughton;
  screenplay by Graham Chapman & others; animations, Terry Gilliam;
  director of photography, David Muir; film editor, Thom Noble.

  Cast: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael
  Palin.

  © Kettledrum Lownes Productions, Ltd.; 28Sep71; LF96.

THE ANDES. McGraw-Hill Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Herbert Millington.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc. (in notice: McGraw-Hill Films, Inc.); 9Aug71;
  MP22310.

ANGUS KILLER. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

ANIMAL. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

ANIMALS. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

ANIMALS IN THE BIBLE (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 63 fr., color, 35
mm.

  Credits: Artist, J. DeVelasco.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 28Apr72; JP14014.

ANOTHER BUCKLE FOR WESLEY HILL. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

ANTARCTIC MARINE ANIMALS SERIES (Filmstrip) Stephen Vale Shabica. 19
fr., color, 35 mm. © Stephen Vale Shabica; 24Apr72; JU13048.

ANTARCTICA NATURE STUDY: WEDDELL SEAL. Earl Francis Griffith. 4 min.,
si., b&w, 8 mm. Loop film. © Earl Francis Griffith; 2Feb72; MU8393.

ANTI-WAR DEMONSTRATIONS IN THE 1920’S. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 348) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22421.

ANYBODY HERE SEEN JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 7.

ANYTHING YOU CAN DO I CAN DO BETTER (Filmstrip) Augsburg Pub. House &
Board of Publication, Lutheran Church in America. 12 fr., color, 35 mm.
For use with Weekend conference program, The climate of change.

  Credits: Photographer, Richard N. Clapper.

  © Augsburg Pub. House & Board of Publication, Lutheran Church in
  America; 1Dec71; JP13757.

APHIDS. Thorne Films. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Terrestrial
organisms, no. 586) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP22104.

APOLLO II: LAUNCH. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (The 8
mm. documents project) NM: compilation authorship) © Thorne Films, Inc.;
25Oct71; MP22228.

APOLLO II: MOON WALK. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (The
8 mm. documents project) NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22229.

APOLLO II: RETURN TO EARTH. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project) NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22230.

APOLLO X. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Lunar geology)
Loop film. Produced in collaboration with National Aeronautics & Space
Administration. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc,;
1Dec70; MP22269.

APPOINTMENT IN PALERMO. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

APPROACHES TO INDIVIDUALIZED LEARNING. Educational Coordinates. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc,; 15Jan71; MP22510.

APPROACHES TO LARGE GROUP INSTRUCTION. Educational Coordinates. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc,; 15Mar71; MP22508.

THE AQUARIANS. Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An
Ivan Tors Films production.

  Cast: Ricardo Montalban, Kate Woodville, Lawrence Casey, Leslie
  Neilsen, Jose Ferrer.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Oct70; LP40576.

AQUARIUS DESCENDING. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

ARABELLA. Universal Pictures. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Cram film.

  Credits: Producer, Maleno Malenotti; director, Mauro Bolognini;
  screenplay, Adriano Baracco; music, Ennio Morricone; director of
  photography, Ennio Guarnieri; editor, Eraldo da Roma.

  Cast: Virni Lisi, James Fox, Margaret Rutherford, Giancarlo Giannini,
  Antonio Casagrande.

  © Universal Pictures; 27Sep69 (in notice: 1968); LP40550.

ARCHIE.

  For titles beginning with Archie See ALL IN THE FAMILY.

ARE THERE JUST AS MANY? (Filmstrip) Mathematics Dept. of the Educational
Research Council of America. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational
Research Council of America; 1Feb72; A309991.

ARNOLD MAKES SOME FRIENDS. See

  SWIMMING POOL BACTERIA.

AROUND THE MOON IN 80 BLINKS. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 110.

[ART] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 6 filmstrips, color, 35
mm.

  Contents: SS–830–-SS–835: Let’s look at art. 50 fr.--Design in art. 55
  fr.--Color in art. 58 fr.--Perspective in art. 50 fr.--Light and shade
  in art. 46 fr.--Art materials. 55 fr.

  Credits: Art consultant, Kenneth D. Stanton.

  © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Jun71; JP13621.

ART: HOW TO DRAW -- A PRIMER. Videorecord Corp. of America. 14 min.,
sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Stewart Kranz.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22546.

ART: INTRODUCTION TO “WET” WATERCOLOR. Videorecord Corp. of America. 14
min. sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Stewart Kranz.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22545.

ART MATERIALS. See

  [ART]

ART: REALISTIC STILL LIFE. Videorecord Corp. of America. 14 min., sd.,
color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Stewart Kranz.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22544.

ARTERIAL PUNCTURE. American College of Physicians. Made by Medex
International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Medical skills library)
Loop film.

  Credits: Executive producer & editor, Bernard V. Dryer; director &
  cinematographer, Sy Wexler; medical artist, Gerald Nevius.

  © American College of Physicians; 16Apr72; MP22823.

ARTERIOSCLEROSIS OBLITERANS, PT. 1. See

  CUTANEOUS CLUES.

ARTERIOSCLEROSIS OBLITERANS, PT. 2. See

  SIMPLE OFFICE PROCEDURES.

ARTIFICIAL RESPIRATION. See

  FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.

ARTISTS IN AMERICA. See

  HOWARD JONES.

  JULES FEIFFER.

  ROBERTA FLACK.

  RUDY POZZATTI.

AS THE FAMILY GROWS. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

ASK ME AN ANSWER. Duval County School Board. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Duval County School Board; 13Apr72; MU8431.

ASPECTS OF BEHAVIOR. CRM Productions. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Psychology today films) NM: compilation & additions. ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22364.

ASSASSINATION OF JOHN F. KENNEDY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super
8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 389) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22433.

ASSASSINATION OF MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project) NM: compilation
authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22231.

ASSASSINATION OF ROBERT F. KENNEDY. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 314) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22417.

ASSAULT ON SAN SABA. See

  BEARCATS.

ASSESSING MANAGEMENT POTENTIAL. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by BNA
Films. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman effective organization
film series) © B.N.A., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22311.

ASSESSMENT OF LEVELS OF CONSCIOUSNESS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 71.

AN ASTRONAUT IN SHEEP’S CLOTHING. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 136.

AT YOUR AGE. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 28Feb72; MP22350.

AT YOUR FINGERTIPS. See

  BOXES.

  CYLINDERS.

  FLOATS.

  PLAY CLAY.

AUDIOVISUAL SEMINARS IN PEDIATRICS. See

  PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY: A MORPHOLOGIC APPROACH TO DIAGNOSIS.

AURA TO A NEW TOMORROW. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

AUSTIN, MINNESOTA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 39.

AUTOMOBILE, HENRY FORD. See

  IMPORTANT INVENTORS.

THE AUTOMOBILE IN AMERICA. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 9.

AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY, M–6A. See

  VOLTMETERS AND AMMETERS.

AUTUMN. See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

AUTUMN IDYLL. Lancer Productions. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lancer
Productions; 3Dec71; MP22096.

AVALANCHE OF TRASH. See

  POLLUTION.

AVATAR MEHER BABA AT NASIK AND RAHURI, 1937. Adi K. Irani. 10 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Adi K. Irani; 4Apr71; MP22204.

AVIATION HISTORY (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 78 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13609.

THE AW SOUND. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

AWARE. Franciscan Communications Center. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications Center; 15Jan72;
MP22512.

AWARENESS IN FOREST & FIELD. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS.

AWARENESS IN THE CITY. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS.

AZTECS. See

  CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA.


                                   B

BAB. See

  LAND OF RESPLENDENT GLORY.

BACKFIRE. See

  IRONSIDE.

BACOVA, VIRGINIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 28.

BACTERIOLOGICAL TECHNIQUES. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. (Laboratory techniques, no. 633) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec70 (in notice: 1971); MP22105.

A BAG FOR ALL SEASONS (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 75 fr., color,
35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 31Dec71; JP13736.

THE BAGEL REPORT. Hugh H. Wilson. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Hugh H.
Wilson; 7Jun72; LU3632.

BAHA’IS AND THE HOLY LAND (Filmstrip) National Spiritual Assembly of the
Baha’is of the United States. 88 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author:
Baha’is Pub. Committee. © National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of
the United States; 6Dec71; JP13607.

BAHA’U’LLAH. See

  LAND OF RESPLENDENT GLORY.

BANDAGING. See

  FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.

[BANKING] (Filmstrip) Metro American Productions. 5 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With Teacher’s manual, 4 l.

  Contents: What is banking? 33 fr.--Savings account. 37 fr.--Check
  stub. 39 fr.--Checking account 1. 31 fr.--Checking account 2. 32 fr.

  © Metro American Productions; 15Jun71; A342963.

BARBARA WEISBERGER. ETS Program Service. Made by WHYY. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, Art Wolff.

  © ETS Program Service; 8Mar72; MU8419.

BARNYARD SERIES. See

  BIRTH OF A COLT.

  DAIRY COWS.

  DAIRY GOATS.

  SHEEP.

BASIC CONCEPTS FOR CATALOGING NON-BOOK MATERIALS (Filmstrip) Audiovisual
Services, Arizona State University. 76 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Presented, Irene Scheider; director, Joel A. Benedict;
  editors, Susan Hessney, Vivian Jones & Joyce Tessler.

  © Audiovisual Services, Arizona State University; 15Dec71; JP13595.

BASIC CONCEPTS OF BODY FLUIDS AND THE EFFECT OF MAJOR IONS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 34.

BASIC CONCEPTS OF THE PROCESS OF SCIENTIFIC OBSERVATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 23.

BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X220–A--X220–F: Laboratory apparatus. 50 fr.--Linear
  measurement. 40 fr.--Measuring volume. 40 fr.--The triple beam
  balance. 41 fr.--The laboratory balance. 47 fr.--The Bunsen burner. 44
  fr.

  Credits: General editor, Robert Zwilling.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13926, 13899, 13930, 13945,
  13939, 13881.

BASIC LESSON. See

  TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS.

BASIC MAP AND GLOBE SKILLS. Leonard Peck Productions. 35 min., si., 16
mm. Appl. author: Leonard Peck. © Leonard Peck Productions; 1Oct71;
MP22223.

BASIC PROCESS INVOLVED IN POSTOPERATIVE CARE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 47.

BASIC PROCESS INVOLVED IN PREOPERATIVE CARE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 46.

BASIC SIGNS. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

BASIC SYMBOLS AND CONVENTIONAL DRAWINGS (Filmstrip) Advance Schools. 46
fr., color, 35 mm. (Electrical service and appliance repair) With script
(20 l.) and record. © Advance Schools, Inc.; 1Dec71; A308289.

THE BASKETMAKERS (Filmstrip) Colonial Williamsburg. 46 fr., color, 35
mm. © Colonial Williamsburg; 30Jun71; JP13659.

THE BATTLE AT GANNON’S BRIDGE. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

BATTLE OF WAIKIKI. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 76.

BEARCATS! Filmways TV Productions & Rodlor. Approx. 59 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc. & Rodlor, Inc.

  Assault on San Saba. Credits: Writers, Joe Ruby & Ken Spears. ©
  11Nov71; LP40539.

  The big gun. Credits: Writers, James L. Henderson & Sam Roeca. ©
  2Dec71; LP40542.

  Bitter Flats. Credits: Teleplay, Christopher Trumbo & Michael Philip

  Butler. © 18Nov71; LP40540.

  Blood knot. Credits: Writer, Stephen Kandel. © 4Nov71; LP40538.

  Conqueror’s gold. Credits: Writer, Richard Landau. © 28Oct71; LP40537.

  The devil wears armor. Credits: Writer, Herman Groves. © 16Sep71;
  LP40532.

  Dos gringos. Credits: Writers, Sam Roeca & James L. Henderson. ©
  30Sep71; LP40534.

  The feathered serpent. Credits: Writer, Gene L. Coon. © 7Oct71;
  LP40535.

  Ground loop at Spanish Wells. Credits: Writer, Edward J. Lakso. ©
  23Sep71; LP40533.

  Hostages. Credits: Writer, Jim Byrnes. © 14Oct71; LP40536.

  Man in a cage. Credits: Writer, Jim Byrnes. © 30Dec71; LP40544.

  The return of Estaban. Credits: Writer, Edward J. Lakso. © 23Dec71;
  LP40543.

  Tiger! Tiger! Credits: Story, Robert Hamner; teleplay, Stephen Kandel.
  © 25Nov71; LP40541.

BEETLES -- FRIENDS OR FOES? (Filmstrip) Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
43 fr., color, 35 mm. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69;
A196136.

BEFORE HELP ARRIVES. 501 Films. Made by R. W. Sigman, Inc. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director & writer, Paul A. Litecky; photographer, Harry
  Cannon.

  © 501 Films, Inc.; 16May72; MP22835.

BEGIN WITH THE END IN MIND. Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young
University. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University;
30Nov71; LP40403.

THE BEGINNING OF LIFE, HOW A BABY DEVELOPS BEFORE BIRTH (Filmstrip)
Vitamin Information Bureau. Made by Audio-Visual School Service. 45 fr.,
color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v.

  Credits: Text, Margaret Markham; art, Bob Ulm; consultant, Howard
  Jacobson.

  © Vitamin Information Bureau, Inc.; 20Oct71; A300896.

BEGINNINGS. Ideation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ideation, Inc.;
9May71; MP22220.

BEGINNINGS IN GALATIA. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

BEHAVIORAL OBJECTIVES. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 95.

BEING ALIKE AND BEING DIFFERENT. See

  MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.

BEING SAFE (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational Direction. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X239–A--X239–F: Think safe, act safe. 57 fr.--Cars, bikes
  and people. 57 fr.--Delicious or deadly? 62 fr.--Watch where you go.
  58 fr.--Fun or fearful? 60 fr.--Helpful or harmful? 60 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13914, 13946, 13824, 13942,
  13852, 13884.

BENJAMIN BANNEKER: MAN OF SCIENCE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 21Dec71; MP22339.

BERKSHIRE AT ITS BEST. Sunday River Productions. 9 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions,
solely owned by Alva Morrison; 20Aug71; MP22225.

BERLIN AFFAIR. Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min., sd., color, 35
mm.

  Cast: Darren McGavin, Fritz Weaver, Brian Kelly, Pascale Petit,
  Christian Roberts.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Oct70; LP40572.

BERLIN AIRLIFT. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm.
documents project, no. 379) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22430.

BERLIN WALL. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm.
documents project, no. 388) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22266.

BEST MAN. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

THE BEST VALUE IS THE BEST DEAL! (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Chrysler Corp.; 28Mar72; JP13975.

BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES (Filmstrip) Zapel Studios Co. 9 filmstrips,
color, 16 mm.

  Contents: 1–9: General: business telephone reception. 102
  fr.--General: good public relations. 72 fr.--Gaining new customers. 89
  fr.--Reselling old accounts by phone. 77 fr.--Overcoming sales
  resistance by phone. 114 fr.--Making telephone appointments. 94
  fr.--Collecting past due accounts by phone. 35 fr.--Handling
  complaints by phone. 77 fr.--Taking telephone orders. 74 fr.

  Appl. author: Owen A. Zapel.

  © Owen A. Zapel d.b.a. Zapel Studios Co. a.a.d.o. Z.S.C.; 30Mar71;
  JP14067.

A BETTER WAY THAN FIGHTING (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 11 fr.,
color, 35 mm. © Concordia Pub. House; 25Jan72; JP14097.

BEWARE MY BRETHREN. World Arts Media (U.K.) Released by Cinerama
Releasing Corp. 92 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © World Arts Media (U.K.),
Ltd.; 8Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP40747.

BEWARE OF THE WATCHDOG. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

BEWARE! THE BLOB. Jack H. Harris Enterprises. 87 min., sd., color, 35
mm.

  Cast: Godfrey Cambridge, Marlene Clark, Gwynne Gilford, Robert Walker,
  Richard Stahl.

  © Jack H. Harris Enterprises, Inc.; 4Dec71; LP40433.

THE BIG EASTER EGG HUNT. See

  HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

BIG FISH, LITTLE FISH AND PERSONNEL PROBLEMS. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 2.

BIG GUN. See

  BEARCATS.

BIG IS LOTS OF THINGS. King Screen Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Kingdom of Kite) © King Broadcasting Co.; 18Feb72 (in notice:
1971); MP22402.

THE BIG MOVE UP (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 60
fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13771.

BIGGER THAN A BREAD BOX AND BETTER THAN A GENIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 25.

BIGGEST STAR IN HOLLYWOOD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 106.

BIKINI ATOMIC BOMB TEST. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 321) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22418.

BILGE RATS TO BILGE EXAMINERS. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 11.

BIOGRAPHY. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

BIOLOGICAL LABORATORY TECHNIQUES (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X221–A--X221–F: The microscope, pt. 1. 41 fr.--The
  microscope, pt. 2. 43 fr.--The microscope, pt. 3. 42 fr.--Dissection.
  48 fr.--Preparing microscope slides I. 43 fr.--Preparing microscope
  slides II. 43 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Robert Zwilling.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13906, 13876, 13916, 13878,
  13885, 13815.

BIOLOGY PROGRAM. See

  THE GALAPAGOS: DARWIN’S WORLD WITHIN ITSELF.

BIRDS. See

  INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES.

THE BIRDS AND THE BEES BIT. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 59.

BIRDS OF SHORE AND MARSH: THEIR ENVIRONMENT AND FEEDING HABITS. W. L. B.
Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, photographer & editor, Wayne Brown; script, Dennis
  Puleston; narrator, Ray Morgan.

  Appl. author: W. L. B. Productions, sole owner, Wayne W. Brown.

  © W. L. B. Productions; 30Dec71; MP22732.

BIRTH OF A COLT. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Barnyard
series, no. 430) Loop film. Filmed in cooperation with Van Vleet Arabian
Stud Farm, Boulder, Colorado. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15May72; MP22660.

BIRTH OF ELECTRONIC MUSIC. See

  ELECTRONIC MUSIC.

BIRTH OF JAZZ. See

  FROM JAZZ TO ROCK.

BIRTHDAY PARTY. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

BITTER FLATS. See

  BEARCATS.

THE BLACK MASS. Frederick W. Chandler. 15 min., sd., color and b&w, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer, Martin Mauer; director, writer & editor, Frederick
  W. Chandler; music composer & conductor, Philip Orlando; camera, Jack
  Conover.

  Cast: Phillip Kellman, Robert Hills, Ray Evans, Bernard Miller,
  Jonathan Miller.

  © Frederick W. Chandler; 27Dec71; LU3621.

BLACK NOON. Fenady Associates. Released by Screen Gems. 90 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Andrew J. Fenady; director, Bernard L.
  Kowalski; music, George Duning; director of photography, Keith Smith;
  film editor, Dann Cahn.

  Cast: Roy Thinnes, Yvette Mimieux, Ray Milland, Gloria Grahame, Lyn
  Loring.

  © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (in
  notice: Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures, Inc.); 5Nov71;
  LP40396.

BLACK PEOPLE IN THE SLAVE SOUTH, 1850. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 23Dec71; MP22397.

BLACKMAIL ORDER BRIDE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 113.

BLACKOUT. See

  IRONSIDE.

BLEEDING, WOUNDS AND SPECIAL EMERGENCIES. See

  FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.

BLOCKBUSTER. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

BLOCKING OSCILLATOR--TRANSISTORIZED. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22107.

BLOCKING OSCILLATOR--TRIODE. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22111.

BLOCKS TO COMMUNICATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 19.

BLONDE OR BRUNETTE. VimFim. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © VimFim;
22Dec71; LP40398.

BLOOD KNOT. See

  BEARCATS.

BLOOD OF A JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 120.

BLOOD PRESSURE: THEORY AND PROCESS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 10.

BOBBY JO AND THE BIG APPLE GOOD TIME BAND. Screen Gems. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. A Thornhill production.

  Credits: Producer, Paul Junger Witt.

  Cast: Forrest Tucker, Season Hubley, John Bennett Perry, Ed Begley,
  Jr., Robert Walden.

  © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
  31Mar72; LP40750.

BODINE MODEL 64 MACHINE VIDEO MANUAL. Bodine Corp. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. Videotape (1/2 in.) © Bodine Corp.; 20Jul71; MP22120.

THE BODY. Kestrel Films. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Suggested by
Anthony Smith’s book.

  Credits: Producer, Tony Garnett; director, Roy Battersby; music, Ron
  Geesin & Roger Waters; photographer, Tony Imi; editor, Alan J.
  Cumner-Price.

  Cast: Arthur Armitage, Danny Daniels, Beryl Briggs, Roberta Dougall,
  Johnny Claydon.

  © Kestrel Films, Ltd.; 2Aug71 (in notice: 1970); LP40813.

BODY. See

  I SEE YOU AND ME.

BODY MECHANICS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 2.

THE BOLD ONES. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53
min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. (The New doctors) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.

  An absence of loneliness. From a story by Rogosin. Credits: Producer,
  Joel Rogosin; writer, Michael Blankfort. Cast: E. G. Marshall, Edward
  Binns, Coleen Grey, Julie Adams, Brad David. © 18Jan71 (in notice:
  1970); LP40800.

  First: No harm to the patient. Credits: Director, Jeffrey Hayden;
  writers, Howard Browne & Sy Salkowitz. Cast: John Saxon, James
  Broderick, Lonny Chapman, Richard Dreyfuss, Katherine Crawford. ©
  9Nov70; LP40797.

  Giants never kneel. From a story by Tanchuck. Credits: Director, Daryl
  Duke; writers, Nathaniel Tanchuck & Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Arthur Hill,
  Carol Lynley, Roger Perry, DeForest Kelley, E. G. Marshall. © 19Oct70;
  LP40796.

  In dreams they run. From a story by Tait. Credits: Director, Jerry
  Lewis; writers, Don Tait & Sandy Stern. Cast: Joanne Linville, Arch
  Johnson, Lincoln Kilpatrick, Ella Edwards, Jason Karpf. © 13Dec70;
  LP40798.

  Killer on the loose. Credits: Director, Abner Biberman; writer, Reuben
  Bercovitch. Cast: Tom Drake, Della Reese, Myron Healy, Virginia Gregg,
  Robert Hooks. © 11Oct70; LP40795.

  A matter of priorities. Credits: director, Leslie H. Martinson;
  writer, Irv Pearlberg. Cast: Kim Hunter, Harold J. Stone, Pernell
  Roberts, John Saxon, E. G. Marshall. © 3Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
  LP40799.

  Tender predator. Credits: Director, Richard Benedict; writers, Don
  Ingalls & Joel Rogosin. Cast: Karen Valentine, E. G. Marshall, David
  Hartman, John Saxon, Stephen Young. © 8Feb71 (in notice: 1970);
  LP40801.

  This will really kill you. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin; director,
  Jeffrey Hayden; writers, Phyllis & Robert White & Joel Rogosin. Cast:
  David Hartman, John Saxon, E. G. Marshall, Tisha Sterling, Michael
  Anderson, Jr. © 14Sep70; LP40794.

THE BOLD ONES. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV.
Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Senator) Produced with
NBC-TV Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  A continual roar of musketry, pt. 1. Credits: Director, Robert Day;
  writer, David W. Rintels. Cast: Hal Holbrook, Edward Binns, Bernie
  Hamilton, Paul Stewart, John Randolph. © 16Nov70; LP40786.

  A continual roar of musketry, pt. 2. Cast: Hal Holbrook, Paul Stewart,
  Randolph Mantooth, Jess Vint, Pamela McMyler. © 23Nov70; LP40787.

  The day the lion died. Credits: Director, Daryl Duke; writer, Leon
  Tokatyan. Cast: Hal Holbrook, Will Geer, Ann Doran, Frank Maxwell,
  Kevin Hagen. © 28Sep70; LP40784.

  George Washington told a lie. From a story by Bontche Schweig.
  Credits: Director, Daryl Duke; writer, Joel Oliansky. Cast: Hal
  Holbrook, Reni Santoni, Louise Sorel, Malcolm Atterbury, George
  Mitchell. © 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40782.

  Power play. Credits: Director, Jerrold Freeman; writer, Ernest Kinoy.
  Cast: Hal Holbrook, Burgess Meredith, Anna Lee, Arthur Space, Michael
  Tolan. © 26Oct70; LP40785.

  A single blow of a sword. Credits: Director, John M. Badham; writer,
  Jerrold Freedman. Cast: Hal Holbrook, David Sheiner, Lincoln
  Kilpatrick, Logan Ramsey, Michael Tolan. © 22Feb71; LP40780.

  Someday they’ll elect a president. Credits: Director, John M. Badham;
  writer, Leon Tokatyan. Cast: Hal Holbrook, Murray Hamilton, Michael
  Tolan, Dana Elcar, Kermit Murdock. © 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
  LP40781.

  To taste of death but once. From a story by Preston Wood. Credits:
  Producer, David Levinson; director, Daryl Duke; writer, Joel Oliansky.
  Cast: Hal Holbrook, Sharon Acker, Michael Tolan, Cindy Eilbacher,
  Gerald S. O’Loughlin. © 13Sep70; LP40783.

THE BOLD ONES. Universal-Public Arts Productions. [Canada] Distributed
by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lawyers) ©
Universal-Public Arts Productions.

  The Hyland confession. From a story by John Thomas James. Credits:
  Director, Daniel Petrie; writer, Frank Fenton. Cast: Tisha Sterling,
  Clifford David, Joseph Campanella, Burl Ives, Barbara Clarke-Chisholm.
  © 25Jan71; LP40802.

  The loneliness racket. Credits: Director, Richard Bennett; writer,
  Gloryette Clark. Cast: Burl Ives, James Farentino, Joseph Campanella,
  Phyllis Love, Alan Oppenheimer. © 14Dec70; LP40792.

  Panther in a cage. Credits: Director, Nicholas Colasanto; writer,
  Stephen Kandel. Cast: Burl Ives, Joseph Campanella, James Farentino,
  Georg Stanford Brown, Charles Lampkin. © 12Oct70; LP40789.

  The people against Doctor Chapman. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc;
  writer, Jerry Bredouw. Cast: Joseph Campanella, Monte Markham, Burl
  Ives, Ramon Bieri, Jon Lormer. © 30Nov70: LP40791.

  The price of justice. Credits: Director, Alex Singer; writer, Jack
  Sowards. Cast: Burl Ives, Joseph Campanella, Cal Bellini, Julie Gregg,
  John Rivera. © 15Feb71; LP40803.

  The search for Leslie Grey. From a story by Matthew Howard. Credits:
  Director, Richard Benedict; writer, Howard Browne. Cast: James
  Farentino, Burl Ives, Joseph Campanella, Charles Aidman, Rodolfo
  Acosta. © 4Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40793.

  Trial of a PFC. From a story by Gloryette Clark. Credits: Director,
  Alex Singer; writer, Frank Fenton. Cast: Pete Duel, Jane Elliott, Burl
  Ives, Joseph Campanella, Jared Martin. © 2Nov70; LP40790.

  The verdict. Credits: Producer, Jo Swerling, Jr.; director, Alex
  Singer; writer, John Thomas James. Cast: James Farentino, Burl Ives,
  Joseph Campanella, John Kerr, Will Geer. © 11Sep70; LP40788.

BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8
mm. documents project, no. 341) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22243.

BOMBS I. Woroner Films. 20 min., sd., b&w. © Woroner Films, Inc.;
4Nov71; MU8425.

BOMBS II. Woroner Films. 20 min., sd., b&w. © Woroner Films, Inc.:
4Nov71; MU8426.

BOMBS III. Woroner Films. 20 min., sd., b&w. © Woroner Films, Inc.;
4Nov71; MU8427.

BONANZA. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  A deck of aces. Cast: Lorne Greene. © 19Jan71; LP40330.

  The desperado. © 18Dec70; LP40353.

  An earthquake called Callahan. © 19Mar71; LP40337.

  For a young lady. © 25Nov70; LP40350.

  Gideon the good. © 28Aug70; LP40339.

  The gold-plated rifle. © 4Jan71; LP40327.

  Honest John. © 4Dec70; LP40351.

  The impostors. © 19Nov70; LP40349.

  El jefe. © 30Oct70; LP40347.

  Kingdom of fear. © 12Sep68; LP40326.

  Love child. © 16Oct70; LP40345.

  The luck of Pepper Shannon. © 6Nov70; LP40348.

  A matter of faith. © 4Sep70; LP40341.

  The night Virginia City died. © 4Sep70; LP40340.

  The power of life and death. © 30Sep70; LP40344.

  The reluctant American. © 14Jan71; LP40329.

  Shadow of a hero. © 2Feb71; LP40331.

  The silent killer. © 11Feb71; LP40332.

  A single pilgrim. © 9Dec70; LP40352.

  The stillness within.© 26Feb71; LP40333.

  Terror at 2:00. © 1Mar71; LP40334.

  Thornton’s account. © 26Oct70; LP40346.

  A time to die. © 10Mar71; LP40335.

  Top hand. © 8Jan71; LP40328.

  The trouble with trouble. © 24Sep70; LP40343.

  The wagon, © 10Sep70; LP40342.

  The Weary Willies. © 27Aug70; LP40338.

  Winter kill. © 17Mar71; LP40336.

BONE MARROW DISORDERS. See

  PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY: A MORPHOLOGIC APPROACH TO DIAGNOSIS.

BONGOS (Filmstrip) Robil. 7 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Robert E.
Illes. © Robil, Inc.; 14Mar72; JP13790.

BONUS ARMY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm.
documents project, no. 368) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22256.

BOOG POWELL PROMISES. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

BOOKS AND WHAT THEY ARE. See

  THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.

THE BOOMERANG RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

BOSTON POLICE STRIKE. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8
mm. documents project, no. 345) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22245.

THE BOSTON TEA PARTY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC filmstrip series, War for
independence. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: additional
cinematography. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 7Apr72 (in
notice: 1971); MP22864.

BOX KITE KAPER. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

BOXES. ACI Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (At your fingertips)

  Credits: By Peter & Mary Anna Winkler.

  © ACI Films, Inc.; 19Dec69 (in notice: 1970); MP22564.

THE BOY FRIEND. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. An MGM-EMI presentation. Based on a musical play by Sandy
Wilson.

  Credits: Producer, director & screenplay, Ken Russell; music arranger
  & conductor, Peter Maxwell Davies; choreography, Christopher Gable,
  Gillian Gregory & Terry Gilbert; director of photography, David
  Watkin; editor, Michael Bradsell.

  Cast: Twiggy, Christopher Gable, Max Adrian, Bryan Pringle, Moyra
  Fraser.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 16Dec71; LP40546.

BOY WHO DREW CATS. See

  JAPANESE FAIRY TALES.

BOY WHO RAN AWAY. See

  LIFE IN GOD--START SMILING.

BOY WITH A PROBLEM. Videorecord Corp. of America. 8 min., sd., color.
Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Writer, Joan Fassler; narrator, Myra Brent; music, John
  Gilbert; illus. by Stewart Kranz.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22689.

BOYLE’S LAW. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

BRAVE ON A MOUNTAINTOP. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

BREAD (Filmstrip) Lutheran Church Press. 73 fr., color, 35 mm. (Vacation
church school series, grades 5 & 6) Adapted from a BFC production, Bread
is for laughter.

  Credits: Producer, Richard N. Clapper; script, Marianna Norris;
  photographers, Bruce Harding & Don Kurtz; editor, John A. Jorgenson.

  NM: One third of filmstrip.

  © Lutheran Church Press; 3Jan72; JP13802.

BREAD IS FOR LAUGHTER. See

  BREAD.

BREAKING THE BARRIERS TO COMMUNICATION. Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co.
Made by Imagination Unlimited. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Leadership training series)

  Credits: Writers, Allen E. Roberts & Conrad Hahn.

  Cast: Robert Hamilton, Audrey Bordonie, Allen E. Roberts, Conrad Hahn.

  © Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co., Inc.; 5Oct71; MP22128.

BREAKOUT. Universal Television. [Canada] 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: James Drury, Woody Strode, Kathryn Hays, Red Buttons, Sean
  Garrison.

  © Universal Television, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc.;
  4Dec70 (in notice: 1967); LP40574.

BREWMASTER. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE BRIDGE RECTIFIER. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22172.

BRIDGE RECTIFIER, USING SEMICONDUCTOR DIODES: L-FILTER. See

  THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY.

THE BROKEN PUZZLE. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

BRONZEVILLE BOYS AND GIRLS (Filmstrip) Harper & Row, Publishers. 88 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (The Creative reading program)

  Credits: Illustrator, Ronni Solbert; photographer, P. C. Peri.

  Appl. author: Circle Productions, Inc.

  © P. C. Peri; 3Jan72; JU12988. Inc.

BRUSHING (Filmstrip) Management Forms. Color, Super 8 mm. (PBP Patient
education films, item no. LB–17) Loop film. With tape. © Management
Forms, Inc.; 27Dec71; JP14130.

BUCKETS AND BUDGETS. Beverly Hills Unified School District, 6 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Beverly Hills Unified School District;
27Aug71; MP22127.

BUDDHISM. See

  JUDAISM, ISLAM, HINDUISM, BUDDHISM.

BUDGET--TODAY AND TOMORROW. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

BUDGETS AND REALITY. See

  MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.

BUFFALO: AN ECOLOGICAL SUCCESS STORY. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 4May72; MP22867.

BUILD A SENDER/RECEIVER. See

  WHAT IS COMMUNICATION.

BUILDING CUSTOMER CONFIDENCE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler
Corp.; 26Jan72; JP13772.

BUILDING ON THE ROCK. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

BUNNY O’HARE. American International Productions. 93 min., sd., color,
35 mm.

  Cast: Bette Davis, Ernest Borgnine, Reva Rose, John Astin, Jack
  Cassidy.

  © American International Productions; 30Jun71; LP40369.

BUNSEN BURNER. See

  BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

BURDEN OF PROOF. See

  VILLAIN.

BURGLAR ALARM. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

BURST OF FREEDOM. See

  LASSIE.

THE BUS IS COMING. K-Calb Productions. Released by William Thompson
International. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with
William Thompson Productions.

  Credits: Producer & screenplay, Horace Jackson; director, Wendell
  James Franklin; musical score, Tom McIntosh; director of photography,
  Mike Rhodes; film editor, Donald R. Rode.

  Cast: Mike Sims, Stephanie Faulkner, Burl Bullock, Tony Sweeting, Jack
  Stillman.

  © K-Calb Productions, Inc.; 29Sep71; LP40430.

BUSINESS CYCLES (Filmstrip) National Assn. of Manufacturers of the
United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 86 fr., color, 35 mm.
(American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © National
Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in notice: 1971);
JP14040.

BUSY-NESS MAKES BUSINESS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler
Corp.; 25Feb72; JF13781.

BUTTE, MONTANA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 43.

BUTTERFIELD ATE. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

BUTTERFLIES ARE FREE. Frankovich Productions. Released by Columbia
Pictures. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon Leonard Gershe’s play.

  Credits: Producer, M. J. Frankovich; director, Milton Katselas;
  screenplay, Leonard Gershe; music, Bob Alcivar; director of
  photography, Charles B. Lang; film editor, David Blewitt.

  Cast: Goldie Hawn, Edward Albert, Eileen Heckart, Michael Glaser, Mike
  Warren.

  © Frankovich Productions, Inc.; 6Jul72; LP40882.

BUYER BEWARE. See

  CONSUMER STUDIES.

BYRD’S NORTH POLAR EXPEDITION. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 361) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22424.


                                   C

CBS REPORTS. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  Under surveillance. Telecast: Dec. 23, 1971. Credits: Producer, Robert
  Chandler; reporter, David Schoumacher. © 23Dec71; MP22437.

CABARET. ABC Pictures Corp. Released by ABC Pictures Corp. & Allied
Artists Pictures Corp. 123 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the musical
play Cabaret, book by John Masteroff; based on the play by John Van
Druten & stories by Christopher Isherwood.

  Cast: Joel Grey, Michael York, Liza Minnelli, Marisa Berenson, Helmut
  Griem.

  © ABC Pictures Corp. & Allied Artists Pictures Corp.; 14Jan72;
  LP40475.

CAESAR AND CLEOPATRA. See

  SHAW VERSUS SHAKESPEARE.

CALF CASTRATION. A.S.10. Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Apr71; MP22682.

CALF IDENTIFICATION. A.S.3. Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970);
MP22678.

CALIPERS AND DIVIDERS. See

  SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.

CALL HER MOM. Douglas S. Cramer Co. Released by Screen Gems. 90 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Herb Wallerstein; director, Jerry Paris; writers,
  Kenny Solms & Gail Parent; director of photography, Emil Oster; film
  editors, Jim Faris & Bob Moore.

  Cast: Connie Stevens, Van Johnson, Charles Nelson Reilly, Thelma
  Carpenter, Jim Hutton.

  © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
  15Feb72; LP40753.

CALL ME LEE. See

  PARIS 7000.

THE CALL OF ABRAHAM. See

  ABRAHAM. FATHER OF BELIEVERS.

CAN YOU BELIEVE ADVERTISING? (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
Eye Gate House. 51 fr., color, 35 mm. (Let the buyer beware, X–211–B) ©
Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13733.

A CANADA GOOSE ADVENTURE. Borden Productions. Distributed by
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Borden Productions, Inc.; 30Nov71; MP22212.

CANARIES AND CREDIT CARDS. See

  EDEN IN PERIL.

CANARY THAT WOULDN’T SING. See

  TALES FOR YOUNG IMAGINATIONS.

CAPE FLORIDA. Pt.2. Dade County School Board. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Dade County School Board; 15Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22383.

CAPE MAY, NEW JERSEY. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 30.

CAPITAL: FOUNDATION OF THE ECONOMY (Filmstrip) National Assn. of
Manufacturers of the United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 54 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
Co. © National Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1971); JP14033.

A CAPITOL AFFAIR. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

CARBURETOR ADJUSTMENTS. See

  VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

CARE OF A PATIENT WITH A TRACHEOSTOMY. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 64.

CARE OF A PATIENT WITH CLOSED CHEST DRAINAGE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 65.

CARE OF A PATIENT WITH PERITONEAL DIALYSIS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 70.

CARE OF HOUSE PLANTS. See

  THE HOME GARDENER: CARE OF HOUSE PLANTS.

CARE OF THE PATIENT WITH AN INDWELLING CATHETER. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 30.

CAREERS IN AVIATION AND SPACE (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 86 fr.,
color, 35 mm. © Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13612.

CAREERS: MAKING A CHOICE. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by Sunburst Films.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 9Mar70; MP22615.

THE CAREY TREATMENT. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. Based upon the novel A case of need, by Jeffery Hudson.

  Credits: Producer, William Belasco; director, Blake Edwards;
  screenplay, James P. Bonner; music, Roy Budd; director of photography,
  Frank Stanley; film editor, Ralph E. Winters.

  Cast: James Coburn, Jennifer O’Neill, Pat Hingle, Skye Aubrey,
  Elizabeth Allen.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 29Mar72; LP40548.

CARS, BIKES AND PEOPLE. See

  BEING SAFE.

CASE OF MY VANISHING MASTER, PT. 1. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 101.

CASE OF MY VANISHING MASTER, PT. 2. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 101.

CASE OF NEED. See

  THE CAREY TREATMENT.

CASE OF THE PORCELAIN PUPPY. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 107.

CASE STUDY (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 132 fr., color, 35 mm.
(Neurological care series) © Decision Media, Inc.; 20Mar72; JP14004.

CASH AND CREDIT. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

CASPER, WYOMING. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 53.

THE CATCHER. H.B.L. Productions. Released by Screen Gems. 120 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © H.B.L. Productions, Inc.; 2Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
LP40865.

CATCHING AND RUNNING. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 7.

CATEGORIES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 60
fr., color, 35 mm. (Thinking clearly, X–212–F)

  Credits: Illustrator, Kenneth W. Mitchell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13707.

CATERPILLARS GROW AND CHANGE. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
1Jun71; MP22155.

CATHERINE DRINKER BOWEN: OTHER PEOPLE’S LIVES. Silver Burdett. Made by
Davidson Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Writers on writing) ©
General Learning Corp.; 1Dec71; MP22147.

CATHETERIZATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 29.

CATLOW. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.
Based on the novel by Louis L’Amour.

  Credits: Producer, Euan Lloyd; director, Sam Wanamaker; screenplay,
  Scot Finch & J. J. Griffith; music, Roy Budd; director of photography,
  Ted Scaife; film editor, Alan Killick.

  Cast: Yul Brynner, Richard Crenna, Leonard Nimoy, Daliah Lavi, Jo Ann
  Pflug.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 8Nov71; LP40748.

CAUTIONARY CARTOONS (Filmstrip) Augsburg Pub. House & Board of
Publication, Lutheran Church in America. 12 fr., color, 35 mm. For use
with Weekend conference program, The climate of change.

  Credits: All cartoons: Blasts from The Ram’s horn.

  © Augsburg Pub. House & Board of Publication, Lutheran Church in
  America; 1Dec71; JP13758.

CAVE LIFE. McGraw-Hill Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 14Apr72 (in notice: 1968);
MP22635.

CENTRAL SKELETAL MUSCLE RELAXANTS AND NEUROMUSCULAR BLOCKING AGENTS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 56.

CENTRAL VENOUS PRESSURE MEASUREMENT. American College of Physicians.
Made by Medex International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Medical
skills library) Loop film.

  Credits: Executive producer & editor, Bernard V. Dryer; director &
  cinematographer, Sy Wexler; medical artist, Gerald Nevius.

  © American College of Physicians; 16Apr72; MP22825.

CENTREVILLE, MARYLAND. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 29.

CERTAIN SHADOWS ON THE WALL. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

THE CHALLENGE OF DEVELOPMENT. Central Bank of the Philippines [Republic
of the Philippines] Made by Multimedia. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Executive producer, Ernesto A. De Pedro; director, Henry
  Montealegre; music, Restie Umali; cinematographer, Felizardo Bailen.

  © Multimedia; 27Dec71; MP22737.

THE CHAMPION (Filmstrip) Instructional Systems. Made by Image Pub. Corp.
66 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Doug Weathers; writer, Susi Fechter;
  photographer, Alan Breslaw; artist, Pamela Pencraft.

  © Scope; 4Dec71; JP13743.

CHANDLER. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, Michael S. Laughlin; director & writer, Paul
  Magwood; screenplay, John Sacret Young; music, George Romanis;
  photographer, Alan Stensvold; film editors, Richard Harris & William
  B. Gulick.

  Cast: Warren Oates, Leslie Caron, Alex Dreier, Mitchell Ryan, Gordon
  Pinsent.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 6Dec71; LP40457.

THE CHANGE MAKERS. See

  OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY.

CHANGING TIMES LIFE. Kiplinger Washington Editors. 60 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. © Kiplinger Washington Editors, Inc.; 17Feb72; MU8420.

CHARACTER OF CAESAR. See

  SHAW VERSUS SHAKESPEARE.

CHARISMATIC RENEWAL. Franciscan Communications Center. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. A TeleKetics presentation. © Franciscan Communications
Center; 15Nov71; MP22202.

CHARLES BIEDERMAN. ETS Program Service. Made by KTCA. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Joseph T. McDermott.

  © ETS Program Service; 8Mar72; MU8417.

CHARLES DE GAULLE-–1890–1970. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 13, issue 4.

CHARLES’ LAW. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

CHATO’S LAND. Scimitar Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 100 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Michael Winner; writer, Gerald Wilson;
  music, Jerry Fielding; camera operator, Tony Troke; supervising
  editor, Freddie Wilson.

  Cast: Charles Bronson, Jack Palance, Richard Basehart, James Whitmore,
  Simon Oakland.

  © Michael Winner, Ltd.; 5May72 (in notice: 1971); LP40901.

CHAVIN TO INCA. See

  CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA.

CHECK, MATE: AND MURDER, PT. 1. See

  IRONSIDE.

CHECK, MATE: AND MURDER, PT. 2, See

  IRONSIDE.

CHECK STUB. See

  [BANKING]

CHECKING ACCOUNT 1. See

  [BANKING]

CHECKING ACCOUNT 2. See

  [BANKING]

THE CHESAPEAKE AT BAY, AN ECOLOGICAL STUDY. See

  MARYLAND, ITS HISTORY AND GEOGRAPHY.

CHESS GAME. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

CHICAGO EXPOSITION (1933–1934) Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 369) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22257.

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, NO. 1. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 24.

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, NO. 2. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 25.

CHILDREN AND REALITY. See

  MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.

A CHILD’S GARDEN OF VERSES. Wil Berg. Released by Sterling Educational
Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wil Berg; 1Nov67 (in notice: 1966);
LP40545.

THE CHILI KING. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 139.

CHIN-CHIN KOBAKAMA. See

  JAPANESE FAIRY TALES.

CHINA. See

  CITIES IN TRANSITION.

  THE EAST IS RED.

  LIFE ON THE LAND.

  MODERNIZATION THROUGH HUMAN POWER.

CHIROPRACTIC, THE MASTER KEY TO HEALTH (Filmstrip) Public Education
Publications. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Richard L. Kuxhaus. ©
Richard L. Kuxhaus d.b.a. Public Education Publications; 19Jan71;
JP14063.

CHISUM. Batjac Productions. Released by Warner Bros. 111 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm.

  Cast: John Wayne, Ben Johnson, Pamela McMyler, Geoffrey Deuel, Glenn
  Corbett.

  © Batjac Productions, Inc. & Warner Bros., Inc.; 25Jun70; LP40896.

THE CHRISTIAN LICORICE STORE. Michael Laughlin Enterprises & Floyd
Mutrux Productions. Released by Cinema Center Films. 90 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. A National General release.

  Credits: Producer, Michael S. Laughlin; director, James Frawley;
  screenplay, Floyd Mutrux.

  © Cinema Center Films, Michael Laughlin Enterprises, Inc. & Floyd
  Mutrux Productions; 23Aug71; LP40887.

CHRISTMAS DAY AT THE BUNKERS. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

CHRYSLER VS. BUICK & OLDSMOBILE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 58 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Dec71, JP13760.

THE CIRCLE OF HONOR (Filmstrip) United Parcel Service of America. 151
fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. states prev. reg. 4Jan67, A896693. NM:
addition. © United Parcel Service of America, Inc.; 1Aug71; JP13652.

CIRCUIT TRACING (Filmstrip) Advance Schools. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. With
script, 25 l. © Advance Schools, Inc.; 1Dec71; A313958.

CIRCUS: SERRINA BECOMES AN ACROBAT. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 2Feb72; MP22467.

CITIES IN TRANSITION. International Communication Films. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (China) Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc. © International Communication Films, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 3Mar69; MP22618.

CITIES OF THE WEB. Macmillan Co. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. (Social
studies/focus on active learning) © Macmillan Co.; 22Nov71; MP22207.

CITIZENSHIP. See

  VALUES.

THE CITY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 61
fr., color, 35 mm. (What’s around us, X–222–A)

  Credits: General ed., Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13725.

THE CITY. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Frank Price; director, Daniel Petrie; writer,
  Howard Rodman; director of photography, Jack Marta; film editors,
  Robert Watts & Larry Lester.

  Cast: Anthony Quinn, E. G. Marshall, Robert Reed, Pat Hingle, John
  Larch.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17May71; LP40825.

CITY ON CAJON. Sunday River Productions. 13 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions, solely
owned by Alva Morrison; 28Dec71; MP22480.

LA CIUDAD. Population Reference Bureau. Distributed by Audio Visual
Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Population Reference Bureau,
Inc.; 3Jan72; MP22609.

THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) American Heritage Pub. Co. Distributed by
McGraw-Hill Films. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (American Heritage sound
filmstrips) With Teachers guide, 24 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–5: A nation divided. 47 fr.--The clash of amateur
  armies. 46 fr.--The iron vise is forged. 44 fr.--Gettysburg. 46
  fr.--An ending and a beginning. 49 fr.

  Credits: Narrator, Bruce Catton; Frederick Fennell, conductor,
  audiovisual production, Westport Communications Group, Inc.

  Appl. author: American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc., employer for hire.

  © American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc.; 1Feb71; JP13588.

CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films.
6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: The Olmecs. 48 fr.--Teotihuacan to Toltec. 55 fr.--The
  Mayas. 54 fr.--The Aztecs. 56 fr.--Chavin to Inca. 52 fr.--The Incas.
  49 fr.

  Credits: Producer, M. George Jennings; script, Audrey J. Geis.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Dec71;
  JP13657.

CLASH OF AMATEUR ARMIES. See

  THE CIVIL WAR.

CLASSIFYING (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
(Science processes series, set 3)

  Contents: Sets and subsets. 44 fr.--Color, shape and size. 45
  fr.--Properties of leaves. 43 fr.--Properties of animals. 47 fr.--Ways
  that animals grow up. 41 fr.--Solids and liquids. 40 fr.

  Produced in collaboration with Telemated Motion Pictures.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 9Feb72 (in notices: 1970); JP13687.

CLASSROOM GAMES. See

  [PHYSICAL EDUCATION]

CLAY PIGEON. Tracom Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 93
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Tom Stern; directors, Tom Stern & Lane Slate;
  screenplay, Ronald Buck, Buddy Ruskin & Jack Gross, Jr.; director of
  photography, Alan Stensvold; film editor, Danford Greene.

  Cast: Telly Savalas, Robert Vaughn, John Marley, Burgess Meredith,
  Ivan Dixon.

  © Tracom Productions; 29Jul71; LP40889.

CLEAN KILLS AND OTHER TROPHIES. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

THE CLEAN LIGHT. William Ditzel Productions. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© William Ditzel Productions; 1Apr71; MP22288.

CLEANSING ENEMA. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 28.

A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Hal Holbrook, E. G. Marshall, Jack Albertson, Sharon Acker, Joe
  Campanella.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Mar70; LP40579.

CLEARWATER: A DREAM FOR A RIVER (Filmstrip) Denoyer-Geppert
Audio-Visuals, Times-Mirror. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 108 fr.; pt. 2, 121
fr.), color, 35 mm. With Teacher’s guide, 31 p.

  Credits: Producer, Joan Troy; script, Jack Hope; narrator, Pete
  Seeger, photographers, Ashley James, Julie Snow, Jack Hope & others;
  editor, Kathryn McNeil.

  © Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals, Inc., solely owned by Times-Mirror
  Co.; 5Jul71; A328559.

CLICKS AND MORE CLOCKS (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 28 fr., color,
35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Based on the book of the same title by Pat
Hutchins. NM: selection & compilation. © on filmstrip; Weston Woods
Studios, Inc.; 1Nov71; A299315.

CLIMATE OF JUSTICE. See

  MEN AT LAW.

A CLOSE LOOK AT BOOK 1. See

  STARTER 101 TEACHER TRAINING PROGRAM.

A CLOSE LOOK AT BOOKS 2 THROUGH 10, TESTING AND CHARTS. See

  STARTER 101 TEACHER TRAINING PROGRAM.

COACH. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

COEUR D’ALENE, IDAHO. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 44.

COLLAGE. ACI Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rediscovery: art
media) © ACI Productions, Inc.; 21Jun66; MP22562.

THE COLLATOR. John Wiley & Sons. 31 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Edward H. Rategan.

  © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 5Apr71; MP22092.

COLLECTING PAST DUE ACCOUNTS BY PHONE. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

COLONIAL AMERICA (Filmstrip) American Heritage Pub. Co. Distributed by
McGraw-Hill Films. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (American Heritage sound
filmstrips) With Teacher’s guide, 24 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–5: England stakes a claim. 49 fr.--Religious havens.
  43 fr.--The American melting pot. 46 fr.--Expansion and conflict. 41
  fr.--War for empire. 47 fr.

  Credits: Narrator, Whitfield Connor; Frederick Fennell, conductor;
  audiovisual production, Westport Communications Group, Inc.

  Appl. author: American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc., employer for hire.

  © American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc.; 14May71; JP13589.

COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made
by Instructional Systems. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–3: Additive color (The color of light) 25
  fr.--Subtractive color (The color of things) 28 fr.--Adaptation &
  illusion. 25 fr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Oct71;
  JP13656.

COLOR IN ART. See

  [ART]

COLOR OF LIGHT. See

  COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION.

COLOR OF THINGS. See

  COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION.

COLOR, SHAPE AND SIZE. See

  CLASSIFYING.

THE COLORADO CENTRAL AND THE SOUTH PARK LINE. Sunday River Productions.
7 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Albert G. Hale. © Sunday
River Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 20Sep71; MP22226.

COLORS IN NATURE. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS.

COLPITTS OSCILLATOR--COMMON BASE. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22108.

COLPITTS OSCILLATOR--COMMON EMITTER. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22109.

COLTS BOUNCE. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

COLUMBUS DAY. See

  HOLIDAYS.

COMA. See

  NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

COME ALONG WITH ME TO BETHLEHEM (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 62
fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Fred Nohl, compiler. NM: compilation. ©
Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13753.

COMMODORE COMETH. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

COMMUNICATION IN PRACTICE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 22.

COMMUNIST CHINESE REVOLUTION. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 381) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22261.

COMPARATIVE ECONOMIC SYSTEMS. See

  THE AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES (FILMSTRIP)

COMPARATIVE PATHOGENIC BACTERIOLOGY (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 60 fr.; pt. 2, 52 fr.), color, 35 mm. With manual, 13
p.

  Credits: By Theodore T. Kramer.

  © W. B. Saunders Co.; 27Jun72; A347852.

THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY. Pt. 1: Halfwave rectifier; capacitor filter.
ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22175.

THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY. Pt. 2: Fullwave vacuum tube rectifier; π
filter. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22173.

THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY. Pt. 3: Bridge rectifier, using semiconductor
diodes; L-filter. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22174.

THE COMPLETE SILVERTON. Sunday River Productions. 26 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions,
solely owned by Alva Morrison; 28Dec71; MP22514.

COMPLEX SOUNDS. See

  SOUND.

COMPREHENSION. See

  TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS.

COMPUTAGRAM MODELS 3700, 3710, 3720 (Filmstrip) Toledo Scale Training
Center, Toledo Scales & Systems. 80 fr., color, 16 mm. © Reliance
Electric Co.; 19Apr72; JU13044.

THE COMPUTER AND YOU. Pt. 2 (Filmstrip) Educational Activities & Kimbo
Educational Records. 52 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Writer & creator, Joseph J. DiCerto.

  © K.B.H. Productions, Inc.; 24Jun71 (in notice: 1970); JP13664.

COMPUTERIZED FLUID DYNAMICS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation
authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP22280.

COMPUTERIZED HIGHWAY DESIGN. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with U.S. Dept. of
Transportation. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70
(in notice: 1971); MP22285.

COMRADE SOLDIER. American Broadcasting Companies. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Desmond Smith; associate
  producer & film editor, Pat Cook; narrator, George Watson;
  photographers, Ralph Mayher & Boris Yurtchenko.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 7May69 (in notice: 1968);
  MP22475.

THE CONCEPT OF OPEN LABORATORY. Educational Coordinates. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.; 15Feb71; MP22505.

CONCRETE CORRAL. See

  MCCLOUD.

CONDUCTORS AND INSULATORS. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71;
MP22170.

CONFLICT RESOLUTION, ANATOMY OF A DISPUTE (Filmstrip) Consulting
Engineers Council, U.S.A. Made by Risk Analysis & Research Corp. 62 fr.,
color, 16 mm. © Consulting Engineers Council, U.S.A.; 24Sep71; JP13672.

CONFRONTATION ON NOB HILL (Filmstrip) Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 83 fr.; pt. 2, 86 fr.), color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Joan Troy; moderator, William H. Grier; editor,
  Eleanor Townshend; photography, Clarence Towers & others.

  © Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals, Inc., solely owned by Times Mirror
  Co.; 5Jan70; JP13779.

CONFRONTING CONFLICT. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by BNA Films. 32
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman effective organization film
series) © B.N.A., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22316.

CONQUEROR’S GOLD. See

  BEARCATS.

CONSERVATION OF MATTER. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

CONSONANT SOUNDS. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

CONSTRUCTION. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

CONSUMER STUDIES (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
mm. With 4 discussion guides.

  Contents: Money well spent. 71 fr.--The price of credit. 58 fr.--Buyer
  beware! 55 fr.--Making ends meet. 55 fr.

  Credits: Writer, Howard Turner; editor, Alison Weigel; photographers,
  Wasyl Szkodzinsky & Ron Gabel.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Howard Turner.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 13Apr72; A335919,
  346000–346002.

CONSUMERS AND CONSUMING. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

CONTACT PRINTING 35MM SLIDES. Audiovisual Service, Arizona State
University. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Photography darkroom
series) Appl. author: Joel A. Benedict. © Audiovisual Services (in
notice: Audiovisual Service); 15Dec71; MP22659.

A CONTINUAL ROAR OF MUSKETRY, PT. 1. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

CONTINUAL ROAR OF MUSKETRY, PT. 2. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

A CONTINUUM OF NURSING CARE: HOSPITAL TO COMMUNITY. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 94.

CONTRACT. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

CONVERSATION WITH ROBERT THEOBALD. Regents of the University of
Wisconsin. Made by Instructional Media Laboratory. 29 min., sd., b&w.
Videotape (1/2 in.)

  Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli.

  Cast: Robert Theobald, Gary Gappert.

  © Regents of the University of Wisconsin; 1Dec71 (in notice: 1972);
  MP22685.

COOL BREEZE. Penelope Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 103
min., sd., color, 35 mm. From a novel by W. R. Burnett.

  Credits: Producer, Gene Corman; director & screenplay, Barry Pollack;
  music, Solomon Burke; director of photography, Andrew Davis; film
  editor, Morton Tubor.

  Cast: Thalmus Rasulala, Jim Watkins, Judy Pace, Lincoln Kilpatrick,
  Sam Laws.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 22Mar72; LP40547.

THE COOPER (Filmstrip) Colonial Williamsburg. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Colonial Williamsburg; 8Jun71; JP13660.

COORDINATED STRUCTURAL FIRE ATTACK. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8437.

CORKY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, Bruce Geller; writer, Eugene Price; music score,
  Jerry Styner & John Parker; director of photography, David M. Walsh;
  film editors, Hugh S. Fowler & Albert P. Wilson.

  Cast: Robert Blake, Charlotte Rampling, Patrick O’Neal, Christopher
  Connelly, Pamela Payton-Wright.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 7Mar72; LP40416.

CORN HUSK DOLLS. Bill Snyder Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: W. D. Snyder. © Bill Snyder Films, Inc.; 1Oct71; MP22101.

CORONATION OF QUEEN ELIZABETH. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 384) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22432.

CORTISONE AND ADRENOCORTICOSTEROIDS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 57.

COSMETOLOGY SERIES.

  FACIAL TREATMENT.

  FROSTING.

  HAIR BLEACHING.

  HAIR CUTTING.

  HAIR STYLING.

  HAIR TINTING.

  IRON CURLING.

  MANICURING.

  PERMANENT WAVE.

  SCALP TREATMENT.

  SHAMPOO.

COTTON GIN, WHITNEY. See

  IMPORTANT INVENTORS.

COUGAR COUNTRY. American National Enterprises. 6 reels, sd., color, 35
mm. © American National Enterprises, Inc.; 7Jan70; LP40399.

THE COUNTRY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House.
64 fr., color, 35 mm. (What’s around us, X–222–C)

  Credits: General ed., Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13834.

COUNTRY VET. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 13Apr72;
MP22673.

COUNTRYSIDE. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

COURTMARTIAL OF BILLY MITCHELL. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 359) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22252.

COUSIN MAUDE’S VISIT. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

COW WHO WANTED TO SEE A FARM. See

  GUESS WHERE WE WENT TODAY.

THE CRANE’S MAGIC GIFT. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

CRAWFORDSVILLE, INDIANA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 34.

CRAWLING BABY. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

CRAYON. ACI Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rediscovery: art
media) © ACI Productions, Inc.; 5Oct64; MP22559.

CREATE A NEW LIFE IN ME (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 55 fr., color,
35 mm. Appl. authors: Bill Carr & Larry Winbowg. © Concordia Pub. House;
1Jun71; JP13572.

CREATING A REALISTIC OIL PORTRAIT. See

  WATCHING ARTISTS AT WORK.

CREATING AN ABSTRACT WATER COLOR. See

  WATCHING ARTISTS AT WORK.

CREATIVE HANDS. FilmFair Communications Distributed by Trend Films. 12
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 1Jan72; MP22203.

CRISIS IN EDUCATION. See

  PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950’S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.

CRISIS ON RUNWAY 26. See

  SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

THE CRITIC (Filmstrip) Instructional Systems. Made by Image Pub. Corp.
60 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Doug Weathers; writer, Henry F. Scarpelli;
  photographer, Alan Breslaw.

  © Scope; 4Dec71; JP13742.

CROOKED CORNER. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

CRUEL AND UNUSUAL PUNISHMENT. CB Communicators. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. Appl. author: Charles J. Bailey. © CB Communicators; 9Mar72;
MP22641.

CRUNCH CRUNCH. United Artists Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United
Artists Corp.; 11Sep70; LP40742.

CUE BALL. Media Artists. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Media Artists,
Inc.; 6Dec71; LP40325.

CULTURAL EVOLUTION. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.

CURRENT. See

  PARALLEL CIRCUITS.

  SERIES CIRCUITS.

CURRENT FLOW AND MEASUREMENT. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22184.

CURRENT MODE LOGIC. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22113.

CUTANEOUS CLUES. Institute for Dermatologic Communication & Education.
11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Arteriosclerosis obliterans, pt. 1) Appl.
authors: Marion B. Sulzberger & Roberta Z. Sulzberger. © Institute for
Dermatologic Communication & Education; 7Oct71 (in notice: 1970);
MP22149.

CYLINDERS. ACI Films. 10 min., sd. color, 16 mm. (At your fingertips)

  Credits: By Peter & Mary Anna Winkler.

  © ACI Films, Inc.; 6Nov69 (in notice: 1970); MP22558.

CYNTHIA. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

CYNTHIA IS ALIVE AND LIVING IN AVALON. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

CYTOPLASMIC STREAMING AND MOTION IN CYTOPLASTS OF THE GREEN ALGAE
NITELLA AND CHARA. Yolande M. Kersey. 900′, color, 16 mm. © Yolande M.
Kersey; 3Jan72; MU8392.


                                   D

DNA, RNA AND MUTATION. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.

DAGMAR’S HOT PANTS, INC. Trans-American Films & Unicorn Enterprises. 94
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Trans-American Films; 20Oct71; LP40321.

DAILY LIFE. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

DAIRY COWS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Barnyard
series, no. 432) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15May72; MP22662.

DAIRY GOATS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Barnyard
series, no. 433) Loop film. Filmed in cooperation with Capricorn Goat
Dairy, Berthoud, Colorado. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15May72; MP22663.

DAISY IN THE SHADOWS. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THE DAMNED (GOETTERDAEMMERUNG) Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. [Belgium] 155
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Helmut Berger, Ingrid Thulin, Dirk Bogarde, Renaud Verley,
  Helmut Griem.

  © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 3Oct69; LP40890.

DANCE COMPOSITION. See

  THE PRINCIPLES OF MODERN DANCE.

DANCE PERFORMANCE. See

  THE PRINCIPLES OF MODERN DANCE.

DANCING II. See

  [EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE DARE DEVIL RESCUE RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

THE DARERS GO FIRST RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

DARK WORLD OF HARRY ANDERS. See

  MEN AT LAW.

DARKEST RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

DARWIN AND EVOLUTIONARY THOUGHT. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.

DAVENPORT, IOWA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 37.

THE DAVID AND GOLIATH RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

DAVID, KING OF ISRAEL. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

DAVID, SHEPHERD OF JUDAH. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

DAWSON/KAPP PROMISE. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

DAWSON/KAPP SWEARS. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

A DAY IN THE CONGO. See

  AFRICA SPEAKS.

DAY THE LION DIED. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

DEAD MAN. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

DEATH DO US PART RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

DECEMBER 6, 1971: A DAY IN THE PRESIDENCY. National Broadcasting Co. 59
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Stuart Schulberg; correspondent, John
  Chancellor.

  © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 16Dec71; MP22464.

DECIDING FOR MYSELF. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

DECISIONS, DECISIONS (Filmstrip) Plymouth Division, Chrysler Corp. Made
by Ross Roy, Inc. 61 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); JP13766.

DECK OF ACES. See

  BONANZA.

THE DECOY RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

DEFEAT AND INEFFECTUALITY. See

  REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.

DEFENSIVE DRIVING II. Woroner Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Woroner Films, Inc.; 4Nov71; MU8424.

DEFENSIVE DRIVING III. Woroner Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Woroner Films, Inc.; 8May72; MU8454.

DEFENSIVE TACTICS II--SHORT BATON. Woroner Films. 20 min., si., color,
16 mm. (Officer training) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 17Feb72; MU8399.

DEFINITE COMPOSITION. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

DEHORNING. A.S.4. Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Apr71; MP22681.

DELANO GRAPE STRIKE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (The
8 mm. documents project, no. 319) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15Oct71; MP22832.

DELICIOUS OR DEADLY. See

  BEING SAFE.

DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION, CHICAGO, 1968. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project) NM: compilation authorship. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22234.

DENTAL ASSISTANT. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

DENTAL LABORATORY TECHNICIAN. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

DESCRIPTIVE WORDS AND FIGURES OF SPEECH. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

DESIGN IN ART. See

  [ART]

DESPERADO. See

  BONANZA.

DESTINY OF A SPY. Universal Pictures, Ltd. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by John Blackburn.

  Cast: Lorne Greene, Anthony Quayle, James Donald, Victor Beaumont,
  Rachel Roberts.

  © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 25Oct69; LF95.

DEVELOPING A PERFORMANCE CURRICULUM. Educational Coordinates. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.; 1Feb71; MP22511.

DEVELOPING ROLL FILM (Filmstrip) Audiovisual Services, Arizona State
University. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. (Photography darkroom series)

  Credits: Director, Joel A. Benedict.

  © Audiovisual Services, Arizona State University; 15Dec71; JP13594.

DEVELOPMENT. CRM Productions. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Psychology today films) NM: compilation & additions. ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22367.

DEVELOPMENT OF ELECTRONIC MUSIC. See

  ELECTRONIC MUSIC.

DEVIL WEARS ARMOR. See

  BEARCATS.

DIAGNOSING THE STARTING SYSTEM (Filmstrip) Vol. 72–S3–L2, course 10004.
Ford Marketing Corp., Ford Customer Service Division. 141 fr., color, 35
mm. With manual, 21 p. © Ford Marketing Corp.; 15Oct71; A347639.

DIAL HOT LINE. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, Jerry Thorpe;
  screenplay, Carol Sobieski; music, Oliver Nelson; director of
  photography, Jack Marta; film editor, Edward M. Abroms.

  Cast: Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain, June Harding, Kim
  Hunter.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Mar70; LP40822.

DIAL INDICATORS. See

  SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.

DIAL M FOR MERGER. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER. Danjaq. Released by United Artists Corp. 119 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

  Credits: Producers, Albert R. Broccoli & Harry Saltzman; director, Guy
  Hamilton; screenplay, Richard Maibaum & Tom Mankiewicz; music, John
  Barry; director of photography, Ted Moore; editors, Bert Bates & John
  W. Holmes.

  Cast: Sean Connery, Jill St. John, Charles Gray, Lana Wood, Jimmy
  Dean.

  © Danjaq, S.A.; 17Dec71; LP40567.

THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW. Calvada Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Calvada Productions.

  I’d rather be bald than have no head at all. © 29Apr64; LP30085.

DICTIONARY FOR BEGINNERS. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
1Jun71; MP22158.

DIE. See

  WHY DO WE.

DIET THERAPY. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 78.

THE DIFFERENT FORMS OF BUSINESS. See

  THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.

DIGESTIVE SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 27Oct71; MP22133.

DINNER FOR TWO, PLEASE ORSON. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

DIODE CLAMPING. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22118.

DIODE CLIPPING. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22119.

DIODE LOGIC. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
© Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22106.

DIODE TRANSISTOR LOGIC. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22117.

THE DIODES. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22166.

DIRECT COUPLED TRANSISTOR LOGIC--PARALLEL. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22115.

DIRECT COUPLED TRANSISTOR LOGIC--SERIES. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22116.

DIRECTIONS. See

  WILLIAM BLAKE.

DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.
Appleton-Century-Crofts, educational division, Meredith Corp. 1 reel,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. Presented in cooperation with Wayne State University
College of Nursing. © Meredith Corp.

  Lesson

  1. Medical asepsis. © 28Mar72; MP22739.

  2. Body mechanics. © 28Mar72; MP22738.

  3. Making an unoccupied bed. © 28Mar72; MP22740.

  4. Morning care. © 28Mar72; MP22741.

  5. Making an occupied bed. © 28Mar72: MP22742.

  6. Giving a bed bath, Pt. 1. © 28Mar72; MP22743.

  8. Temperature, pulse and respiration: theory. © 28Mar72; MP22744.

  9. Process of taking temperature, pulse and respiration. © 28Mar72;
  MP22745.

  10. Blood pressure: theory and process. © 28Mar72; MP22746.

  11. Prevention of complications of bed rest. © 28Mar72; MP22747.

  12. Positioning. © 28Mar72; MP22748.

  13. Transfer and ambulation. © 28Mar72; MP22749.

  14. Nursing aids for normal elimination. © 28Mar72; MP22750.

  15. Surgical asepsis. © 28Mar72; MP22751.

  16. Principles of administration of medications. © 28Mar72; MP22752.

  18. Introduction to the process of interaction. © 28Mar72; MP22753.

  19. Blocks to communication. © 28Mar72; MP22754.

  20. Skills of communication utilized to send a message. © 28Mar72;
  MP22755.

  21. Skills of communication utilized to receive a message. © 11Apr72;
  MP22756.

  22. Communication in practice. © 11Apr72; MP22757.

  23. Basic concepts of the process of scientific observation. ©
  11Apr72; MP22758.

  24. Scientific observation. © 11Apr72; MP22759.

  26. Observation plus communication provide for optimum nursing
  intervention. © 11Apr72; MP22760.

  28. Cleansing enema. © 11Apr72; MP22761.

  29. Catheterization. © 19Apr72; MP22762.

  30. Care of the patient with an indwelling catheter. © 11Apr72;
  MP22763.

  34. Basic concepts of body fluids and the effect of major ions. ©
  19Apr72; MP22764.

  35. Osmosis and fluid compartments. © 19Apr72; MP22765.

  36. Dynamics of fluid exchange. © 19Apr72; MP22766.

  37. Acid-base balance. © 19Apr72; MP22767.

  38. Equipment used in intravenous therapy. © 19Apr72; MP22768.

  39. Nursing responsibilities related to the starting and
  discontinuance of intravenous therapy. © 19Apr72; MP22769.

  40. Nursing observation and nursing care during intravenous therapy. ©
  19Apr72; MP22770.

  42. Nursing responsibilities in care of patient having gastric or
  intestinal decompression therapy. © 19Apr72; MP22771.

  44. Nursing responsibilities in the care of patients with arterial
  peripheral vascular disease. © 19Apr72; MP22772.

  45. Nursing responsibilities in the care of patients with venous
  peripheral vascular disease. © 19Apr72; MP22773.

  46. Basic process involved in preoperative care. © 19Apr72; MP22774.

  47. Basic process involved in postoperative care. © 11May72; MP22775.

  48–49. Nursing responsibilities in the care of the patient in a cast,
  pt. 1–2. © 11May72; MP22776–22777.

  50–51. Nursing responsibilities in the care of the patient in
  traction, pt. 1–2. © 11May72; MP22778–22779.

  52. Nursing responsibilities in the care of the patient on a
  circoelectric bed. © 11May72; MP22780.

  53. Nursing responsibilities in the use of a mechanical device in the
  transfer of patients. © 16May72; MP22781.

  54. Diuretics. © 16May72; MP22782.

  55. Insulin and oral hypoglycemic agents. © 16May72; MP22783.

  56. Central skeletal muscle relaxants and neuromuscular blocking
  agents. © 16May72; MP22784.

  57. Cortisone and adrenocorticosteroids. © 16May72; MP22785.

  58–59. Drugs used in cardiovascular disease, pt. 1–2. © 16May72;
  MP22786–22787.

  60–61. Drugs affecting the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous
  systems, pt. 1–2. © 16May72; MP22788–22789.

  62. Nursing responsibilities in the use of rotating tourniquets. ©
  16May72; MP22790.

  63. Nursing responsibilities in the evaluation of central venous
  pressure. © 16May72; MP22791.

  64. Care of a patient with a tracheostomy. © 16May72; MP22792.

  65. Care of a patient with closed chest drainage. © 16May72; MP22793.

  66. Eye care. © 16May72; MP22794.

  67. Nursing responsibilities: nasal suctioning, oral suctioning, and
  mouth care. © 16May72; MP22795.

  69. Nursing responsibilities: sterile dressings. © 16May72; MP22796.

  70. Care of a patient with peritoneal dialysis. © 16May72; MP22797.

  71. Assessment of levels of consciousness. © 16May72; MP22798.

  72–73. Nursing responsibilities in radiotherapy, pt. 1–2. © 16May72;
  MP22799–22800.

  74. Nutrition: psychosocial and physiologic basis. © 16May72; MP22801.

  75–76. Nutrition: energy, carbohydrates, fats and proteins, pt. 1–2. ©
  16May72; MP22802–22803.

  77. Nutrition: minerals and vitamins. © 16May72; MP22804.

  78. Diet therapy. © 16May72; MP22805.

  79–80. The philosophy of rehabilitation and its application, pt. 1–2.
  © 16May72; MP22806–22807.

  81. Rehabilitation: an inside view. © 16May72; MP22808.

  82. A profile of an aging person. © 16May72; MP22809.

  83. Dynamics of safety and security for older persons. © 16May72;
  MP22810.

  84–85. Interacting with older people, pt. 1–2. © 16May72;
  MP22811–22812.

  86. Drug problem: people problem. © 16May72; MP22813.

  87. Mind-altering drugs. © 16May72; MP22814.

  88. Dynamics of patient care. © 16May72; MP22815.

  89–90. Implications for nursing practice, pt. 1–2. © 16May72;
  MP22816–22817.

  91. Management of the drug dependent person: heroin. © 16May72;
  MP22818.

  92. Emergency management. © 16May72: MP22819.

  93. Nursing care plans. © 16May72: MP22820.

  94. A continuum of nursing care: hospital to community. © 16May72;
  MP22821.

  95. Behavioral objectives. © 16May72: MP22822.

DISC BRAKE SERVICE ROUNDUP (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 92 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
session no. 72–4) © Chrysler Corp.; 21Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13770.

DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made by
Steeg Productions. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: Your eyes are for seeing.

  49 fr.--Your ears are for hearing.

  53 fr.--Your skin is for feeling.

  47 fr.--Your tongue is for tasting.

  46 fr.--Your nose is for smelling.

  47 fr.--Your senses work together.

  51 fr.

  Credits: Writer-director-producer, Bill Boal; educational
  collaborator, James L. Hymes, Jr.; photographer, James W. Strongin.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Jun71;
  JP13626.

DISCOVERY. See

  TO ALL THE WORLD’S CHILDREN.

DISPOSAL CRISIS. See

  POLLUTION.

DISSECTION. See

  BIOLOGICAL LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

DISSECTION OF A FROG. Pt. 2 (Filmstrip) Library Filmstrip Center. 46
fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Technical director, C. Raymond Goble; script, Cecelia Wiens;
  photography & graphics, Chas. G. Casey.

  Appl. author: Violet Priestley.

  © Violet Priestley d.b.a. Library Filmstrip Center; 10May71; JP13591.

DISTANT LANDS. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

DISTINGUISHED CONTRIBUTORS TO COUNSELING SERIES. See

  ALBERT ELLIS, A DEMONSTRATION: A YOUNG DIVORCED WOMAN.

  ALBERT ELLIS, A DEMONSTRATION: AN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AGE CHILD.

  ALBERT ELLIS: RATIONAL EMOTIVE PSYCHOTHERAPY.

  ALBERT ELLIS: RATIONAL EMOTIVE PSYCHOTHERAPY APPLIED TO GROUPS.

DIURETICS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 54.

DIVERGENCE IN A SPECIES OF MARINE SNAIL, LITTORINA LITTOREA. Pike
Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pike Productions, Inc.;
22Nov71; MP22097.

DIVIDING WORK. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

DIVORCE, GENIE STYLE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 83.

DJINN & WATER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 10.

DJINN DJINN, GO HOME. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 93.

DJINN, DJINN, THE PIED PIPER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 155.

THE DO RE MI RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

DO YOU TAKE THIS STRANGER? Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jo Swerling, Jr.; director, Richard Heffron;
  writer, Matthew Howard; music, Peter Rugolo; director of photography,
  Lionel Lindon; film editor, John Dumas.

  Cast: Gene Barry, Lloyd Bridges, Diane Baker, Joseph Cotten, Sidney
  Blackmer.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40570.

THE DOCTOR. San Antonio Independent School District. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Sutherland
Learning Associates. Appl. authors: Dan & Elaine Weisburd. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; LP40808.

DR. BELLOWS GOES SANE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 98.

DODGE MONACO, SOMETHING DIFFERENT (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Dec71; JP13764.

DODGE VERSUS CHEVROLET AND FORD. See

  SIGHTING IN ON WAGONS.

DOLL. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

$. Frankovich Productions & Pax Enterprises. Released by Columbia
Pictures.

  Credits: Producer, M. J. Frankovich; director & writer, Richard
  Brooks; music, Quincy Jones; photographer, Petrus Schloemp; film
  editor, George Grenville.

  Cast: Warren Beatty, Goldie Hawn, Gert Frobe, Robert Webber, Scott
  Brady.

  © Frankovich Productions, Inc. & Pax Enterprises, Inc.; 15Dec71;
  LP40477.

DON CARTER DROPS. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

DON CARTER PROMISES. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

DON’T KID A KIDDER. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

DON’T WORRY DEAR. Videorecord Corp. of America. 7 min., sd., color.
Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Writer, Joan Fassler; narrator, Myra Brent; illustrator,
  Stewart Kranz; music, John Gilbert.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22556.

THE DOOR. Campbell Silver Cosby Corp. Released by Warner Bros.-Seven
Arts. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Ken Mundie; music, Clark (Mumbles)
  Terry; animation photographer, Ken Moore.

  © Campbell Silver Cosby Corp.; 31Dec67; LP40874.

DOS GRINGOS. See

  BEARCATS.

DOWN ON SAUNA STREET. Genco Productions. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producers, Charles Bornstein & Gene Pressman; director, Gene
  Pressman; screenplay, Bruce Apar & Roy Dornfeld.

  Cast: William Hunter, Jon Seavers, Rodney Littles.

  © Genco Productions, Inc.; 27May72; LP40878.

DRAMATIC PLAY: AN INTEGRATIVE PROCESS FOR LEARNING. Campus Film
Productions. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with
Queens College. Appl. author: Steve Campus. © Campus Film Productions,
Inc.; 2Nov71; MP22165.

THE DREAM MAKERS. Gillian Cummings. [W. Germany] 21 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Gillian Cummings; 5Nov71; MP22206.

DREAMBOAT TIME. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 6.

DRIVER AND SPEED. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

[DRIVER’S EDUCATION] (Filmstrip) Metro American Productions. 9
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher’s manual, 5 l.

  Contents: What is driver’s ed? 25 fr.--Basic signs. 54 fr.--Pedestrian
  and driver. 21 fr.--Traffic signals. 34 fr.--Prohibitive parking. 26
  fr.--Driver and speed. 37 fr.--Pavement markings. 29 fr.--Traffic laws
  1. 30 fr.--Traffic laws 2. 37 fr.

  NM: new material.

  © Metro American Productions; 15Jun71; A342964.

DRUG PROBLEM: PEOPLE PROBLEM. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 86.

DRUGS AFFECTING THE SYMPATHETIC AND PARASYMPATHETIC NERVOUS SYSTEMS, PT.
1–2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 60–61.

DRUGS IN TODAY’S WORLD (Filmstrip) Cathedral Films. 5 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With kit.

  Contents: Uppers and downers: what killed Billy Lawton? 61
  fr.--Psychedelics: a way to travel? 63 fr.--Opiates: what are
  narcotics? 68 fr.--Why drugs? 62 fr.--Life takes living. 59 fr.

  Credits: Executive producer, Edward D. Eagle; directors, Jack L. Tyler
  & Michael Halperin; photographers & graphic artists, Vaccaro
  Associates/Paul Gruwell.

  © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 30Nov71; JP14066.

DRUGS USED IN CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE, PT. 1–2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 58–59.

DUTTON’S RETIREMENT. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

DYNAMICS OF FLUID EXCHANGE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 36.

DYNAMICS OF PATIENT CARE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 88.

DYNAMICS OF SAFETY AND SECURITY FOR OLDER PERSONS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 83.


                                   E

THE /ə/ SOUND (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School District. Made
by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. With
tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio Independent School
District; 31Aug71; JP13955.

ESC SYSTEM. See

  VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

EARLY FRENCH AVIATION (1901–1913) Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super
8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 331) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22235.

EARS AND HEARING. See

  SOUND.

EARTHQUAKE CALLED CALLAHAN. See

  BONANZA.

EARTHWORMS. See

  WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.

EAST AFRICA: KENYA, UGANDA, TANZANIA (Filmstrip) BK Teaching Aides. 40
fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Authors, Frances Budesa & Lawrence Kaley; art & photos,
  Lawrence Kaley.

  © BK Teaching Aides; 1Feb72; JP14101.

THE EAST IS RED. Doubleday Multimedia. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(China) © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 22Mar71; MP22613.

ECONOMIC LIFE. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

ECONOMICS IN MODERN AFRICA. See

  AFRICA SPEAKS.

THE ECONOMY AND YOU. See

  THE AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES (FILMSTRIP)

EDEN IN PERIL. (Filmstrip) Cathedral Films. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
With 3 records & 6 study guides.

  Contents: Man and the earth. 63 fr.--Mathematics and starvation. 47
  fr.--Canaries and credit cards. 52 fr.--The quality of life. 54
  fr.--Therefore choose life. 55 fr.

  Credits: Producer & director, Edward D. Eagle; writer, Don Hall; art
  direction & photography by Vaccaro Associates; artists, George
  Wheeler, Ron Dias & Kay Leary; photographers, Paul Gruwell & others.

  © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 30Dec71; JP14096.

EDITH/EDITH’S.

  For titles beginning with Edith or Edith’s See ALL IN THE FAMILY.

EDUCATION. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

EDUCATIONAL DATA. See

  [JOB INTERVIEW]

THE EFFECTIVE HANDS (Filmstrip) Public Education Publications. 51 fr.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Richard L. Kuxhaus. © Public Education
Publications; 18Jul68; JP13670.

EGG AND AHHHH. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

8 MM. DOCUMENTS PROJECT. See

  ALLIED INVASION OF SICILY.

  ANTI-WAR DEMONSTRATIONS IN THE 1920’S.

  APOLLO II: LAUNCH.

  APOLLO II: MOON WALK.

  APOLLO II: RETURN TO EARTH.

  ASSASSINATION OF JOHN F. KENNEDY.

  ASSASSINATION OF MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.

  ASSASSINATION OF ROBERT F. KENNEDY.

  BERLIN AIRLIFT.

  BERLIN WALL.

  BIKINI ATOMIC BOMB TEST.

  BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION.

  BONUS ARMY.

  BOSTON POLICE STRIKE.

  BYRD’S NORTH POLAR EXPEDITION.

  CHICAGO EXPOSITION (1933–1934)

  COMMUNIST CHINESE REVOLUTION.

  CORONATION OF QUEEN ELIZABETH.

  COURTMARTIAL OF BILLY MITCHELL.

  DELANO GRAPE STRIKE.

  DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION, CHICAGO, 1968.

  EARLY FRENCH AVIATION (1901–1913)

  EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: HELICOPTERS.

  EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: ORNITHOPTERS.

  FIRST HYDROGEN BOMB EXPLOSION.

  GANDHI.

  GERMAN U-BOMBS (V–1 AND V–2)

  HUNGARIAN REVOLT (1956)

  IRISH REBELLION (1920–1922)

  ISRAELI INDEPENDENCE.

  JOSEPH MCCARTHY: ARMY HEARINGS.

  KOREAN WAR: ARMISTICE NEGOTIATIONS.

  KOREAN WAR: U.S. COMBAT OPERATIONS.

  KU KLUX KLAN IN THE 1920’S.

  LENIN.

  LINDBERGH’S TRANSATLANTIC FLIGHT.

  NEWARK RIOT (1967)

  PEASANTS IN SAMARA, U.S.S.R.: 1921.

  POOR PEOPLES’ CAMPAIGN.

  THE PORTSMOUTH CONFERENCE.

  PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1924.

  PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1928.

  PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1932.

  PROHIBITION: ILLEGAL LIQUOR TRAFFIC.

  THE RED SCARE: ARRESTS AND DEPORTATIONS (1917–1920)

  REPUBLIC STEEL STRIKE POLICE RIOT (MEMORIAL DAY MASSACRE)

  ROBERT GODDARD: ADVANCED ROCKET EXPERIMENTS, NEW MEXICO.

  ROBERT GODDARD: EARLY ROCKET EXPERIMENTS, MASSACHUSETTS.

  SCOPES TRIAL.

  SELMA CIVIL RIGHTS MARCH.

  SUEZ CRISIS.

  TRIAL OF REVOLUTIONARY SOCIALISTS, MOSCOW, 1922.

  U.S. HOME FRONT IN WORLD WAR II.

  U.S. INTERVENTION IN THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC CRISIS (1965)

  U.S. INTERVENTION IN THE NICARAGUAN CIVIL WAR (1927)

  U.S. OCCUPATION OF GERMANY.

  U.S. OCCUPATION OF JAPAN.

  U.S. PUNITIVE EXPEDITION INTO MEXICO.

  UNITED AUTO WORKERS STRIKE (1937)

  URBAN RUSSIA: 1921.

  VETERAN REHABILITATION: 1920.

  WARREN HARDING: PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.

  WARSAW PACK INTERVENTION IN CZECHOSLOVAKIA.

  WASHINGTON CONFERENCE (1921–1922)

  WILL ROGERS.

  WOMEN’S SUFFRAGE MOVEMENT.

  WORLD WAR I: RUSSO-TURKISH NAVAL BATTLE.

  WORLD WAR I: U.S. HOME FRONT.

  WORLD WAR I: U.S. HOME FRONT CARTOONS.

  WRIGHT BROTHERS.

ELECTION STORY. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

ELECTRIC KID. See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

ELECTRICAL SERVICE AND APPLIANCE REPAIR. See

  BASIC SYMBOLS AND CONVENTIONAL DRAWINGS.

  FUNDAMENTALS OF ELECTRICITY.

ELECTRICITY, EDISON. See

  IMPORTANT INVENTORS.

ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY CHEMICAL ACTION. Pt. 1. ADM-MPS. Released by
Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22188.

ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY CHEMICAL ACTION. Pt. 2. ADM-MPS. Released by
Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22187.

ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY FRICTION. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71;
MP22167.

ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY MAGNETISM. Pt. 2. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne
Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22185.

ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY MAGNETISM. Pt. 2. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22186.

ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY PRESSURE, HEAT AND LIGHT. ADM-MPS. Released by
Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22168.

ELECTROMAGNETISM. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22169.

ELECTRONIC MUSIC (Filmstrip) Keyboard Publications. 2 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. (Pathways to music)

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: The birth of electronic music. 62 fr.--The
  development of electronic music. 67 fr.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Nick Rossi.

  © Keyboard Publications (in notice: a Keyboard Publication); 13May71;
  JP14147.

ELEGY FOR A MAD DOG. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THE ELEVATOR STORY. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

11:59–-LAST MINUTE TO CHOOSE. Brentano Foundation. Distributed by Holt,
Rinehart & Winston. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brentano Foundation;
8Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP22627.

ELIJAH AND THE PROPHETS OF BAAL. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

ELKINS, WEST VIRGINIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 27.

EMANCIPATION OF BESSIE GRAY. See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

EMERGENCY ALERT. See

  SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 92.

EMITTER FOLLOWER LOGIC. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22114.

THE END OF THE TRAIL. See

  OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY.

ENDING AND A BEGINNING. See

  THE CIVIL WAR.

ENDOSSEOUS BLADE IMPLANTS AS ABUTMENTS FOR FIXED MANDIBULAR FULL-ARCH
PROSTHESIS. Anthony J. Viscido. 17 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm. ©
Anthony J. Viscido; 28Jan72; MU8409.

THE ENEMY BEFORE US. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

ENERGY AND LIVING THINGS. Centron Educational Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 14Feb72; MP22346.

ENERGY AND STATE RELATIONSHIPS. See

  INVESTIGATING RELATIONSHIPS IN MATTER.

ENGLAND STAKES A CLAIM. See

  COLONIAL AMERICA.

ENJOYING OURSELVES. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

ENLARGING (Filmstrip) Audiovisual Services, Arizona State University. 3
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Photography darkroom series)

  Contents: Pt. 1. 79 fr.--Pt. 2. 53 fr.--Pt. 3. 39 fr.

  Credits: Director, Joel A. Benedict.

  © Audiovisual Services, Arizona State University; 15Dec71; JP13592,
  13596, 13593.

ENRICHING THE SCHOOL ENVIRONMENT. Educational Coordinates. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.; 15Apr71; MP22506.

ENVIRONMENT AND TECHNOLOGY (Filmstrip) Consumers Power Co. 2 filmstrips
(pt. 1, 91 fr.; pt. 2, 89 fr.), color, 35 mm. © Consumers Power Co.;
3Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13755.

THE ENVIRONMENT: EVERYTHING AROUND US. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 23May72; MP22866.

ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS (Filmstrip) Centron Educational Films. 5
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With cassettes & guide, 1 v.

  Contents: Colors in nature. 84 fr.--Patterns in nature. 84
  fr.--Textures in nature. 64 fr.--Awareness in forest & field. 74
  fr.--Awareness in the city. 66 fr.

  Credits: Producers, Robert O. Joslin & Larry West.

  © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Dec71; JP13647.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITMENT, THE DENVER STORY. Ex-Cell-O Corp. Made by
Video Films. 7 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Joseph E. Barrett.
© Ex-Cell-O Corp.; 8Mar72; MU8422.

ENVIRONMENTAL ENRICHMENT - WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT! Centron Educational
Films. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 28Apr72;
MP22607.

ENZYME ACTION: PEPSIN. No. 638. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producer & photographer, B. L. Ruffner.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22670.

EPIDEMIC. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

EQUIPMENT USED IN INTRAVENOUS THERAPY. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 38.

[EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Equitable Life
Assurance Society of the United States. Made by Foote, Cone & Belding.
Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Equitable Life Assurance
Society of the United States.

  Dancing II. EL–72–357. © 2Jan72; MP22702.

  Greetings. EL–72–358. © 1Jan72; MP22700.

  Greetings II. EL–72–363. NM: revision & addition. © 4Feb72; MP22701.

ESCAPE. See

  IRONSIDE.

ESPANOL: A SENTIRLO (Filmstrip) Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Learning Spanish the modern way. 3d ed.)

  Contents: Lecciones 1–2. 42 fr.--Lecciones 3–5. 42 fr.--Lecciones 6–8.
  45 fr.--Lecciones 9–10. 30 fr.--Lecciones 11–12. 30 fr.--Lecciones
  13–14. 33 fr.

  Credits: By Protase E. Woodford, Randall G. Marshall & Conrad J.
  Schmitt; illustrator, George Guzzi.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Mar72; JP13984.

ESSENCE. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X213–A--X213–F: Why we keep records. 37 fr.--The books and
  what they are. 53 fr.--Recording transactions: how. 41 fr.--Recording
  transactions: where. 51 fr.--Using these records. 49 fr.--The
  accounting cycle. 41 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Sidney A. Eisenberg.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP13811, 13905, 13831, 13886,
  13847, 13862.

ESTABLISHING THE BASELINE. See

  NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

ETERNALLY YOURS, JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 135.

ETHAN FROME (Filmstrip) Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35
mm. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69; A196157.

EUGENE. Marian I. Siegel. 24 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. © Marian I. Siegel;
19May72; LU363O.

EVE OF REVOLT. See

  THE REVOLUTION.

THE EVENTS AT GARABANDAL. Richard K. Everson. 45 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Richard Everson; 1Sep71; MP22095.

EVERY LITTLE CROOK AND NANNY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 92 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Based on the novel by Evan Hunter.

  Cast: Lynn Redgrave, Victor Mature, Paul Sand, Maggie Blye, Austin
  Pendleton.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 5Jun72; LP40888.

EVERYBODY’S A MOVIE STAR. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 68.

EVERYTHING IS NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE (Filmstrip) Educational
Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 46 fr., color, 35 mm. (Let the buyer
beware, X–211–A) © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13698.

EVOLUTION OF MAN. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.

EXCRETORY SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University.
16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 27Oct71; MP22134.

EXERCISES FOR HOME AND SCHOOL. See

  [PHYSICAL EDUCATION]

EXFOLIATIVE CYTOLOGY OF THE FEMALE GENITAL TRACT (Filmstrip) W. B.
Saunders Co. 4 filmstrips (pt. 1, 51 fr.; pt. 2. 51 fr.; pt. 3, 50 fr.;
pt. 4, 67 fr.), color, 35 mm. With manual, 32 p.

  Credits: By Marvin W. Stafford.

  © W. B. Saunders Co.; 8Mar72; A329821.

EXPANSION AND CONFLICT. See

  COLONIAL AMERICA.

EXPERIMENT AT NEW LIFE. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: HELICOPTERS (1921–1940) Thorne Films. 3 min.,
si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 305) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22254.

EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: ORNITHOPTERS. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 360) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15Oct71; MP22829.

EXPRESSIONS. See

  I SEE YOU AND ME.

EXPRESSIVE MALE. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

EX-SGT. RANDELL FILE, U.S.A. See

  THE PSYCHIATRIST.

EXTRA APPEAL IN CHARGER ’72 (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp.
Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 18Jan72
(in notice: 1971); JP13767.

EYE CARE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 66.

THE EYE OF THE STORM. American Broadcasting Companies. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Now) A presentation of ABC News.

  Credits: Producer, director, writer, William Peters.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 10Apr70; MP22390.

EZEKIEL, PROPHET OF HOPE. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.


                                   F

FACE YOURSELF. Aetna Life & Casualty. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Aetna Life & Casualty; 27Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22640.

FACES. See

  I SEE YOU AND ME.

FACIAL TREATMENT. Pt. 1. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 773) Loop film. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22726.

FACIAL TREATMENT. Pt. 2. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 774) Loop film. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22727.

FAIRNESS AND FREEDOM. See

  ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.

FAIRY TALES. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

FAITH AND SCIENCE, TWO TRUE (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 13 fr.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Daryl Hunter. © Concordia Pub. House;
1Jun71; JP13673.

FALSE SPRING. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

FAMILY. See

  [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

FAMILY AND COMMUNITY. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

FAMILY AND ITS LEGAL RESPONSIBILITIES. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

FAMILY AND ITS LEGAL RIGHTS. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

THE FAMILY AND SOCIETY. See

  THE FUTURE OF THE FAMILY.

FAMILY LIVING SET (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
Films & University Films. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Family series)

  Contents: Meeting our needs. 38 fr.--Consumers and consuming. 38
  fr.--Producers and producing. 40 fr.--Dividing work. 45 fr.--Making
  decisions. 38 fr.--Protecting ourselves. 40 fr.--Enjoying ourselves.
  36 fr.--Making rules and plans. 43 fr.

  Credits: Educational consultants, John R. Lee & Clyde F. Kohn.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11Jan71 (in notice: 1970); JP13977, 13976, 13978,
  13982, 13980, 13979, 13981, 13983.

FAMILY SERIES. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

FANTASY. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

FARALLON LIGHT. Charles E. Peterson. Distributed by Altair Productions.
25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Made with the cooperation of Twelfth Coast
Guard District & Point Reyes Bird Observatory.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Charles E. Peterson; original
  songs, Betty Reid.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 9Jul71, MU8340.

  © Charles E. Peterson; 23Dec71; MP22323.

FARMER’S DAUGHTER. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

FARMING AND RANCHING. See

  SEEING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

FASTER, BIGGER AND SMARTER. See

  MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.

FASTEST GUN IN THE EAST. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 37.

THE FATAL REUNION RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

THE FATHER’S LOVE. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

THE FAWN, THE BEAR. See

  STORIES OF ANIMALS WHICH SHARE AN ENVIRONMENT.

FEAST OF JOY (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 34 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Art, Communico; script, Earl H. Gaulke & Lavern Franzen.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 25Jan72; JP14100.

FEATHERED SERPENT. See

  BEARCATS.

FEBRUARY SNOW. Gregory M. Zalar. 33 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm. ©
Gregory M. Zalar; 14Feb72; LU3623.

FEEL. See

  WHY DO WE.

FEELING GOOD. San Antonio Independent School District. 5 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Sutherland
Learning Associates. Appl. authors: Dan & Elaine Weisburd. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; LP40805.

FENCES ARE FOR PAINTING. Arden Films. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
authors: Mark Marquisee & Jerry Millstein. © Arden Films; 1Sep70;
MP22121.

FESTIVAL TIME. Hanover Productions. Released by United Artists Corp. 11
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Hanover Productions, Inc.; 16Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP40900.

A FEW MILES FROM FRANCE. Columbia Pictures. Made by Anthony Gilkison
Associates. 16 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An Arrow Production.

  Credits: Producer & editor, Philip Shaw; director, Antony Thomas;
  music, Jeff Wayne; photographer, Peter Jackson.

  © Anthony Gilkison Associates, Ltd.; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1969);
  MP22408.

FIDDLER ON THE ROOF. Mirisch Productions & Cartier Productions. Released
by United Artists Corp. 180 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
stageplay adapted from Sholem Aleichem stories.

  Cast: Topol, Norma Crane, Molly Picon, Rosalind Harris, Leonard Frey.

  © Mirisch Productions, Inc. & Cartier Productions, Inc.; 3Nov71;
  LP40902.

THE FIELD OF DEATH RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

THE FIFTH WHEEL RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS. Fight of the Champions. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. Appl. states prev. reg. NM: full length version of Joe
Frazier--Muhammad Ali fight. © Fight of the Champions, a joint venture
consisting of Perenchio, Inc. & California Sports, Inc.; 9Mar71;
MP22407.

THE FIGHTERS. Petersen/Chartwell Attractions. Made by William Greaves
Productions. 116 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Music composer, David Matthews.

  Cast: Joe Frazier, Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay)

  © Guts; 10May72 (in notice: 1971); MP22873.

FIGURE-GROUND (Filmstrip) B. J. Hogg. 3 filmstrips (72 fr. each), b&w,
35 mm. (Skill--Bees child-tested skill builders, SKB–100A--SKB–100C) ©
B. J. Hogg; 11Feb72 (in notices: 1971); JP13788.

FIGURES IN A LANDSCAPE. Cinecrest Films [England] Released in the U.S.
by Cinema Center Films. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From
the novel of Barry England. © Cinema Center Films & Cinecrest Films,
Inc.; 4Aug70; LP40828.

FILMSTRIPS FOR MODERN PORTUGUESE. See

  MODERN PORTUGUESE.

FILTER CIRCUITS. Pt. 1. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22176.

FILTER CIRCUITS. Pt. 2. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22177.

THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X219–A--X219–F: Institutions we deal with. 61 fr.--The
  different forms of business. 48 fr.--Going into business. 59 fr.--What
  is the stock market? 49 fr.--How does the stock market work? 52
  fr.--What it means to you. 43 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP13947, 13868, 13845, 13889,
  13861, 13894.

FINDING OBJECTS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 47 fr., color, 35 mm. (Thinking clearly, X–212–D)

  Credits: Illustrator, Kenneth W. Mitchell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13730.

FINDING TRUE FREEDOM. Christian Science Board of Directors. 29 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 21Jan72;
MU8390.

THE FINE LINE. See

  ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.

FIRE & CASUALTY INSURANCE RATING, COURSE 1. See

  PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE COVERAGES & RATING.

FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X228–A--X228–F: Procedures at the scene of an accident. 52
  fr.--Bleeding, wounds and special emergencies. 45 fr.--Artificial
  respiration. 65 fr.--Poisoning, burns and injuries to bones. 64
  fr.--Bandaging. 67 fr.--Transportation of an injured person. 67 fr.

  Credits: General editors, Frederick Moore & Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13844, 13898, 13896, 13893,
  13838, 13892.

FIRST AND LAST SUPPER. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

THE FIRST CHRISTMAS TREE. Coronet Instructional Films. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 7Sep71; MP22141.

FIRST HYDROGEN BOMB EXPLOSION. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 320) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22833.

FIRST INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON PSORIASIS. Schering Corp. 36 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. A Lawren production. © Schering Corp.; 5Dec71; MP22493.

FIRST: NO HARM TO THE PATIENT. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

FIRST THINGS: THAT’S NO FAIR! (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 50 fr.; pt. 2, 51 fr.), color, 35 mm. With discussion
guide, 59 p.

  Credits: Writer, Thomas Glynn; artist, Roy Schlemme; editor, Jere
  Kupecky.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Thomas Glynn & Robert Selman (discussion guide)

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 11May72; A335923.

FIRST THINGS: THE TROUBLE WITH TRUTH (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 59 fr.; pt. 2, 43 fr.), color, 35 mm. With discussion
guide, 54 p.

  Credits: Writer, Thomas Glynn; editor, Jere Kupecky; photographer, Ron
  Tunison.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Thomas Glynn & Robert Selman (discussion guide)

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 11May72; A335925.

FIRST THINGS: YOU PROMISED! (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 52 fr.; pt. 2, 57 fr.), color, 35 mm. With discussion
guide, 59 p.

  Credits: Writer, Thomas Glynn; photographers, William Hubbell, Jeffrey
  Foxx; editor, Jere Kupecky.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Thomas Glynn & Robert Selman. (discussion guide)

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 11May72; A337109.

FISH. See

  INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES.

FIVE DECADES OF CHANGE. See

  OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY.

FLAME IN THE WIND. Unusual Films. 122 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, Katherine Stenholm; writer & editor, Tim Rogers;
  music, Dwight Gustafson; cinematographer, Wade Ramsey.

  Cast: David Hewson, Bob Jones, Bob Jones III, Richard Rupp, Edward
  Panosian.

  © Bob Jones University; 28May71; LP40401.

FLAMING FRONTIER. Rialto Film Preben Philipsen & Jadran Film. Released
by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Ultrascope.
Based on a novel by Karl May.

  Credits: Producer, Horst Wendlandt; director, Alfred Vohrer;
  screenplay, Fred Denger; music composer, Martin Boettcher; director of
  photography, Karl Loeb; editor, Hermann Haller.

  Cast: Stewart Granger, Pierre Brice, Letitia Roman, Larry Pennell,
  Mario Girotti.

  © Rialto Film Preben Philipsen; 1Feb68 (in notice: 1965); LP40877.

FLASHBACK: MIKE MEETS ARCHIE. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

FLIGHT FROM MEMORY. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

FLOATS. ACI Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (At your fingertips)

  Credits: By Peter & Mary Anna Winkler.

  © ACI Films, Inc.; 22Dec69 (in notice: 1970); MP22563.

FLOSSING (Filmstrip) Management Forms. Color, Super 8 mm. (PBP Patient
education films, item no. LB–18) Loop film. With tape. © Management
Forms, Inc.; 27Dec71; JP14129.

FLUTE, BOOK AND CANDLE. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

FLY ME TO THE MOON. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 62.

FOCUS ON THE MIDDLE EAST. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 3.

FOCUS ON THE UNITED NATIONS. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 2.

FOG. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 24Sep71; MP22216.

FOLLOW THE LEADER. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

FOOD--FROM FARM TO YOU. Indiana Farm Bureau. Made by On Scene Cine
Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana Farm Bureau, Inc.; 18Apr72;
MP22589.

[THE FOOL] Nunzio Pizzulli. 5 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: None. ©
Nunzio Pizzulli; 13Mar72; MU8411.

FOOTNOTES, BIBLIOGRAPHIES AND EXHIBITS. See

  HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.

FOR A YOUNG LADY. See

  BONANZA.

FOR GOD’S SAKE. Franciscan Communications Center. 5 min., sd., color, 16
mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications Center;
15Jan71; MP22515.

THE FOREST FLOOR ENVIRONMENT. No. 650. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producer & photographer, Bruce J. Russell.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22667.

THE FORGIVEN DISCIPLE (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 37 fr., color,
35 mm.

  Credits: Art, Don L. Kueker & Associates; script, Jane Graver.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 25Jan72; JP14099.

FORM AND HARMONY IN MUSIC. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.

FORM CLASS WORDS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made by Peshak
Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: What they are. 52 fr.--Nouns. 46 fr.--Verbs. 45
  fr.--Adjectives. 40 fr.--Adverbs. 51 fr.--Recognizing them. 46 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Shadie Simon.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Jul71;
  JP13629.

A FORTNIGHT AT NINE FATHOMS. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 5.

FOSSILS: FROM SITE TO MUSEUM. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
3May71; MP22159.

FOUR-IN-ONE. See

  MCCLOUD.

  NIGHT GALLERY.

  THE PSYCHIATRIST.

  SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

FOURTH OF JULY. See

  HOLIDAYS.

FRACTIONS: 1/2, 1/3, 1/4. Review Educational Films. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. (Third level series) Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22296.

FRACTURED TURTLE. See

  TALES FOR YOUNG IMAGINATIONS.

FRANCHISE OPPORTUNITY IN THE WORLD OF WORK. McGraw-Hill Films. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Vision Associates.
Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Mar71 (in
notice: 1970); MP22441.

FRANK GALLO. ETS Program Service. Made by WILL-TV. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Produced in cooperation with University of Illinois Motion
Picture Production Center.

  Credits: Filmmaker, Ward Johnson.

  © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71; MP22654.

[FRANKLIN LIFE PRESIDENTS PLAN] (Filmstrip) Robert E. Averill. 66 fr.,
color, 16 mm. © Robert E. Averill; 17Nov71 (in notice: 1972); JP13968.

FREDERICK DOUGLASS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 9 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 7Jan72
(in notice: 1971); MP22398.

FREE TIME IS NOT SO FREE (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 53 fr. color, 35 mm. (Leisure time, X–216–C)

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco.

  © Educational Direction. Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13724.

FREEDOM IN FLIGHT. Moody Institute of Science Educational Film Division.
30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Moody Institute of Science; 17Feb72;
MP22469.

FREEZE BRANDING. A.S.5. Pace Productions. 2 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Apr71; MP22683.

THE FRENCH CONNECTION. D’Antoni Productions. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book by
Robin Moore. Produced in association with Schine-Moore Productions.

  Credits: Producer, Philip D’Antoni; director, William Friedkin;
  screenplay, Ernest Tidyman; music, Don Ellis; director of photography,
  Owen Roizman; film editor, Jerry Greenberg.

  Cast: Gene Hackman, Fernando Rey, Roy Scheider, Tony Lo Bianco, Marcel
  Bozzuffi.

  © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 7Oct71; LP40443.

A FRESH BREEZE DOWNEAST. Pt. 1–2. Maine Public Broadcasting Network. 2
motion pictures (30 min. each), sd., b&w. Videotape. Produced in
association with the Bar Harbor Festival.

  Cast: Gordon Bok, Marshall Dodge.

  © Maine Public Broadcasting Network; 11May72; MU8447–8448.

FRIENDS. Behrens Co. Approx. 3 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Behrens
Co., Inc.

  Episode no.

  12. Whiteriver, Arizona. © 15Sep70; LP40323.

  14. San Diego, California. © 15Sep70; LP40324.

  16. Los Angeles, California. © 15Sep70; LP40843.

  18. Honolulu, Hawaii. © 15Sep70; LP40844.

  23. Houghton, Michigan. © 15Sep70; LP40405.

  24. Chicago, Illinois, no. 1. © 15Sep70; LP40845.

  25. Chicago, Illinois, no. 2. © 15Sep70; LP40406.

  26. Lexington, Kentucky. © 15Sep70; LP40407.

  27. Elkins, West Virginia, © 15Sep70; LP40408.

  28. Bacova, Virginia. © 15Sep70; LP40409.

  29. Centreville, Maryland. © 15Sep70; LP40846.

  30. Cape May, New Jersey. © 15Sep70; LP40847.

  31. Nashville, Tennessee. © 15Sep70; LP40410.

  32. Louisville, Kentucky. © 15Sep70; LP40411.

  33. Indianapolis, Indiana. © 15Sep70; LP40412.

  34. Crawfordsville, Indiana. © 15Sep70; LP40413.

  35. Nauvoo, Illinois. © 15Sep70; LP40848.

  36. St. Louis, Missouri. © 15Sep70; LP40414.

  37. Davenport, Iowa. © 15Sep70; LP40849.

  38. Amana, Iowa. © 15Sep70; LP40850.

  39. Austin, Minnesota. © 15Sep70; LP40851.

  41. Milbank, South Dakota. © 15Sep70; LP40852.

  43. Butte, Montana. © 15Sep70; LP40853.

  44. Coeur d’Alene, Idaho. © 15Sep70; LP40854.

  45. Orondo, Washington. © 15Sep70; LP40855.

  46. Sitka, Alaska, © 15Sep70; LP40856.

  48. Seattle, Washington. © 15Sep70; LP40857.

  49. Portland, Oregon. © 15Sep70; LP40858.

  50. Medford, Oregon. © 15Sep70; LF40859.

  51. Sacramento, California, © 15Sep70; LP40860.

  52. San Francisco, California. © 15Sep70; LP40861.

  53. Casper, Wyoming. © 15Sep70; LP40862.

FROG. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

FROGS AND TOADS. See

  WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.

FROM HRUSKA, WITH LOVE. See

  IRONSIDE.

FROM JAZZ TO ROCK (Filmstrip) Keyboard Publications. 2 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. (Pathways to music)

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: The birth of jazz. 60 fr.--The golden age of jazz.
  72 fr.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Nick Rossi.

  © Keyboard Publications (in notice: a Keyboard Publication); 12Dec70;
  JP14144.

FROM YELLOWSTONE TO TOMORROW. Lee Mendelson Film Productions. 1 reel,
sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Sheldon Fay Productions.

  Credits: Producers, Lee Mendelson & Sheldon Fay, Jr.; director,
  Sheldon Fay, Jr.; writer, Lee Mendelson; music scoring, Ed Bogas &
  Sheldon Fay, Jr.; photographers, Chuch Barbee & Dezsoe Nagy; editor,
  Dezsoe Nagy.

  Cast; George C. Scott, The 5th Dimension, Jonathan Winters, Becky
  Reardon.

  © Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc.; 11Apr72; LP40810.

FRONTIERS AFLAME. See

  THE REVOLUTION.

FROSTING. Pt. 1. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 769) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22722.

FROSTING. Pt. 2, Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 770) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22723.

FUEL PRESSURE FIRES. Teaching Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8435.

THE FULL-WAVE RECTIFIER. Pt. 1 (Using vacuum tube) ADM-MPS. Released by
Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22180.

THE FULL-WAVE RECTIFIER. Pt. 2 (Using semiconductor) ADM-MPS. Released
by Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71: MP22178.

FULL-WAVE VACUUM TUBE RECTIFIER; FILTER. See

  THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY.

FUN OR FEARFUL. See

  BEING SAFE.

FUNDAMENTALS. See

  THINKING MAN’S GOLF: FUNDAMENTALS.

FUNDAMENTALS OF ELECTRICITY. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) Advance Schools. 45 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Electrical service and appliance repair) With record &
script (15 l.) © Advance Schools, Inc.; 1Dec71; A309113.

FUSION. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE FUTURE OF THE FAMILY (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With discussion guide, by L. A. Morrow, 42 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: The family and society. 71 fr.--New directions. 67
  fr.

  Credits: Writer, Richard Worth; editor, James Relyer; photographer,
  Jerry Spearman.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Richard Worth & L. A. Morrow.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 25May72; A341702.

FUZZ. Filmways. Released by United Artists Corp. 93 min., sd., color, 35
mm. A Filmways-Javelin picture. Based on the novel by Ed McBain.

  Credits: Producer, Jack Farren; director, Richard A. Colla; writer,
  Evan Hunter; music, Dave Crusin; director of photography, Jacques
  Marquette; editor, Robert Kimble.

  Cast: Burt Reynolds, Jack Weston, Tom Skerritt, Raquel Welch, Yul
  Brynner.

  © United Artists Corp.; 24May72; LP40903.


                                   G

G.I. JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 5.

GAGE BLOCKS. See

  SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.

GAINING NEW CUSTOMERS. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

THE GALAPAGOS: DARWIN’S WORLD WITHIN ITSELF. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Biology program) ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 10Nov71; MP22211.

GAMES FOR RAINY DAYS. See

  [PHYSICAL EDUCATION]

GAMES FOR RECESS. See

  [PHYSICAL EDUCATION]

GANDHI. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents
project, no. 373) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22427.

GARDENERS. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

GELLERMAN EFFECTIVE ORGANIZATION FILM SERIES. See

  ASSESSING MANAGEMENT POTENTIAL.

  CONFRONTING CONFLICT.

  MAKING HUMAN RESOURCES PRODUCTIVE.

  MANAGEMENT BY PARTICIPATION.

  PAY FOR PERFORMANCE.

  TEAM BUILDING.

GENERAL: BUSINESS TELEPHONE RECEPTION. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

GENERAL: GOOD PUBLIC RELATIONS. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

GENIE, GENIE, WHO’S GOT THE GENIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 77–80.

GEOGRAPHY AND DEVELOPMENT IN TROPICAL AFRICA. See

  AFRICA SPEAKS.

GEOMETRY, LIKENESSES & DIFFERENCES. Review Educational Films. 6 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
1Sep71; MP22599.

GEORGE WASHINGTON TOLD A LIE. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

GEORGIA, GEORGIA. Kelly-Jordan Enterprises. Released by Cinerama
Releasing Corp. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jack Jordan; director, Stig Bjorknan; screenplay &
  songs, Maya Angelou; background music, Sven Olaf Waldorf;
  cinematographer, Andreas Bellis; film editor, Sten-Goran Camitz.

  Cast: Diana Sands, Mini Gentry, Dirk Benedict, Roger Furman, Terry
  Whitmore.

  © Jorkel, Inc.; 10Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP40863.

GERANIUMS--PROPAGATING FROM CUTTINGS See

  THE HOME GARDENER: GERANIUMS--PROPAGATING FROM CUTTINGS.

GERMAN U-BOMBS (V–1 AND V–2) Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 375) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71: MP22428.

GET ME TO MECCA ON TIME. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 16.

GETTING IT THERE (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 64 fr., color, 35 mm. (What’s around us, X–222–F)

  Credits: General ed., Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13704.

GETTING THE MESSAGE. See

  MESSAGE FROM GOD.

GETTYSBURG. See

  THE CIVIL WAR.

GHOST STORY. Screen Gems. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, William Castle.

  Cast: Sebastian Cabot.

  © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
  17Mar72; LP40751.

GIANT RAZOR. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

GIANTS NEVER KNEEL. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

GIDEON THE GOOD. See

  BONANZA.

GIDGET GETS MARRIED. Screen Gems. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on
characters created by Frederick Kolmer.

  Credits: Producer-director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, John McGreevey;
  music, Mike Post & Pete Carpenter; director of photography, Joseph
  Biroc; film editor, Hugh Chaloupka.

  Cast: Monie Ellis, Michael Burns, Don Ameche, Joan Bennett, Corinne
  Camacho.

  © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries. Inc.;
  5Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP40362.

[GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Gillette Co. Approx. 30 sec. each,
sd., b&w. © Gillette Co.

  Construction. GSRD–1056. © 30May72; MU8458.

  Construction. GSRD–1154. © 30May72; MU8459.

  Fusion. GSRD–1173. © 30May72; MU8461.

  Giant razor. Hysteresis version. GSRD–1563. © 30May72; MU8455.

  Giant razor. Two-bladed version. GSRD–1483. © 30May72; MU8456.

  Silhouette. GSRD–1163. © 30May72; MU8460.

  Two good reasons. GSRD–1453. © 30May72; MU8457.

[GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Gillette Co. 1 reel each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Gillette Co.

  Boog Powell promises. 0053. NM: revision & addition. © 7Sep70;
  MP22521.

  Colts bounce. 1303. NM: revision & addition. © 11Sep71; MP22532.

  Dawson/Kapp promise. 0063. NM: revision & addition. © 13Sep70;
  MP22525.

  Dawson/Kapp swears. 0103. NM: revision & addition. © 11Oct70; MP22526.

  Don Carter drops. 0183. NM: revision & addition. © 30Jan71; MP22530.

  Don Carter promises. 0213. NM: revision & addition. © 20Feb71;
  MP22529.

  Hank Aaron swears. 0023. NM: revision & addition. © 22Aug70; MP22520.

  John Brodie promises. 0143. NM: revision & addition. © 20Sep70;
  MP22522.

  Johnny Bench alternate. 0203. NM: revision & addition. © 20Sep70;
  MP22523.

  Johnny Bench promises. 0083. NM: revision & addition. © 11Oct70;
  MP22524.

  Johnny Bench promises. 1023. Rev. © 8Apr71; MP22536.

  Oscar Robertson promises. 0153. NM: revision & addition. © 31Jan71;
  MP22531.

  Perry Brothers promise. 1063. NM: revision & addition. © 10Apr71;
  MP22537.

  Phil Esposito promises. 0123. NM: revision & addition. © 8Nov70;
  MP22519.

  Rico Carty offer. 1053. NM: revision & addition. © 22May71; MP22533.

  Rico rides again. 1043. NM: revision & addition. © 10Apr71; MP22535.

  Tom Seaver. 1013. Rev. © 17Apr71; MP22528.

  Tom Seaver swears. 70–0639–30. NM: revision & addition. © 14Jul70;
  MP22527.

  Van Arsdale twins promise. 0173. NM: revision & addition. © 1Feb71;
  MP22534.

GIRL FROM RAINBOW BEACH. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THE GIRL WHO NEVER HAD A BIRTHDAY, PT. 1. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 40.

THE GIRL WHO NEVER HAD A BIRTHDAY, PT. 2. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 41.

GIVING A BED BATH, PT. 1. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 6.

GLAUCOMA, A SILENT THREAT TO SIGHT. Wills Eye Hospital. Distributed by
National Society for the Prevention of Blindness. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jonathan D. Trobe.

  © City of Philadelphia, Trustee u/w James Wills, dec’d., acting by the
  Board of Directors of City Trusts as Trustees of Wills Eye Hospital;
  17Dec71 (in notice: 1972); MP22706.

GLOBE. See

  WORKING WITH MAPS.

GLORIA DISCOVERS WOMEN’S LIB. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

GLORIA POSES IN THE NUDE. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

GLORIA’S PREGNANCY. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

GLORY BOY. Philip Waxman/Jerome Minskoff Productions. Released by
Cinerama Releasing Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the
novel The old man’s place, by John Sanford.

  Cast: Michael Moriarty, Arthur Kennedy, Mitchell Ryan, William Devane,
  Topo Swope.

  © Philip Waxman/Jerome Minskoff Productions, Inc. & Cinerama, Inc.;
  29Jun71; LP40373.

THE GLORY OF GOD IN PEOPLE (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 2
filmstrips on 1 roll, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: The glory of God in space exploration. 11 fr.--The
  glory of God in inventors. 12 fr.

  Appl. author: Don Wangerin.

  NM: artwork.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13752.

GLORY SHOUTER. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

“GO AND TEACH.” Donald J. Cole & Alan F. Travers. 42 min., si., b&w, 8
mm. © Donald J. Cole & Alan F. Travers; 13Apr72; LU3628.

GO MY SON. Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young University. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 19Jan72; LP40444.

GOD AND I (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 10 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl.
authors: Al Johns, Frederic C. Houle, Bill O’Malley & others. ©
Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13675.

GOD GAVE ME A FAMILY (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 20 fr., color, 35
mm. Appl. author: Al Stine. © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71: JP13571.

GOD IN SPACE (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 9 fr., color, 35 mm.
Appl. states copyright not claimed on material from U.S. Government
sources. NM: compilation. © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13952.

GOD SPEAKS AGAIN (Filmstrip) National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is
of the United States. 71 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Baha’i Pub.
Committee. © National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United
States; 8Nov71; JP13666.

THE GODFATHER. Alfran Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp.
175 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on Mario Puzo’s novel.

  Credits: Producer, Albert S. Ruddy; director, Francis Ford Coppola;
  screenplay, Mario Puzo & Francis Ford Coppola; music composer, Nino
  Rota; music conductor, Carlo Savina; director of photography, Gordon
  Willis; editors, William Reynolds & Peter Zinner.

  Cast: Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Richard Castellano, Robert
  Duvall, Diane Keaton.

  © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 23Feb72; LP40553.

GOD’S CHILDREN AROUND THE WORLD (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 12
fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Iwao Yamanaka. © Concordia Pub. House;
1Jun71; JP13674.

GOD’S DEAR CHILD (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 21 fr., color, 35 mm.
Appl. author: Deryl Whisker. © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13575.

GOD’S RULES FOR ME. Daughters of St. Paul. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Daughters of St. Paul; 30Jun71; LP40368.

GOETTERDAEMMERUNG. See

  THE DAMNED (GOETTERDAEMMERUNG)

GOING HOME. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Herbert B. Leonard; writer, Lawrence B.
  Marcus; director of photography, Fred Jackman; film editor, Sigmund
  Neufeld, Jr.

  Cast: Robert Mitchum, Brenda Vaccaro, Jason Bernard, Jan-Michael
  Vincent, Sally Kirkland.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 24Nov71; LP40417.

GOING INTO BUSINESS. See

  THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.

GOLD-PLATED RIFLE. See

  BONANZA.

GOLD WATCH. See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

GOLDEN AGE OF JAZZ. See

  FROM JAZZ TO ROCK.

GOLDEN KEY. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

GONE ARE THE DAYS. Hammer Film Corp. 97 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on
Ossie Davis’s play, Purlie Victorious.

  Credits: Producer-director, Nicholas Webster; Screenplay, Ossie Davis;
  music, Henry Cowen; photographer, Boris Kaufman; film editor, Ralph
  Rosenblum.

  Cast: Ruby Dee, Ossie Davis, Sorrell Booke, Godfrey Cambridge, Hilda
  Haynes.

  © Hammer Film Corp.; 9Aug63; LP40397.

THE GOOD EMPLOYER. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

GOOD ENOUGH, GOOD ENOUGH. See

  ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.

THE GOOD LIFE. Screen Gems. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Humble/Lorimar
production. Based on the novel by Douglass Wallop. © Screen Gems, a
division of Columbia Pictures.

  Albert gets rich. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Joseph
  Goodson; writer, Susan Harris. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills,
  Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 18Dec71; LP40470.

  The burglar alarm. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Jay
  Sandrich; writer, Ron Friedman. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills,
  Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 30Oct71; LP40464.

  Butterfield ate. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writers, Lloyd Turner & Gordon Mitchell. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna
  Mills, Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 11Dec71;
  LP40469.

  The chess game. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman; writer,
  Susan Harris. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills, Hermione Baddeley,
  Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 2Oct71; LP40460.

  The Commodore cometh. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Larry Hagman; writer, Ron Friedman. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills,
  Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, A’Leshia Lee. © 23Oct71; LP40463.

  Dial M for merger. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Larry
  Hagman; writers, Lloyd Turner & Gordon Mitchell. Cast: Larry Hagman,
  Donna Mills, Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, Gary Dubin. © 8Jan72
  (in notice: 1971); LP40472.

  Dutton’s retirement. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Bruce Bilson; writer, Bernie Kahn. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills,
  Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 6Nov71; LP40465.

  The gardeners. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman; writers,
  Fred Freeman & Lawrence J. Cohen. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills,
  Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, Ben Frank. © 25Dec71; LP40471.

  Jane’s double life. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Ron
  Winston; writer, Albert Lewin. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills,
  Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 25Sep71; LP40459.

  Mansion for sale. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Hal
  Cooper; writers, Art Baer & Ben Joelson. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna
  Mills, Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 27Nov71;
  LP40467.

  One of our rolls is missing. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Bruce Bilson; writers, William Raynor & Miles Wilder. Cast:
  Larry Hagman, Donna Mills, Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David
  Wayne. © 18Sep71; LP40458.

  Speedometer strain. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writers, Lloyd Turner & Gordon Mitchell. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna
  Mills, Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 13Nov71;
  LP40466.

  A tremendous sense of loyalty. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Charles Rondeau; writer, Bernie Kahn. Cast: Larry Hagman,
  Donna Mills, Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, Al Checco. © 4Dec71;
  LP40468.

  The vacation. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman; writer,
  Susan Harris. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills, Hermione Baddeley,
  Danny Goldman. David Wayne. © 16Oct7l; LP40462.

  Wrecked butler. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Ron
  Winston; writer, William S. Bickley. Cast: Larry Hagman, Donna Mills,
  Hermione Baddeley, Danny Goldman, David Wayne. © 9Oct71; LP40461.

GOOD MILKING PROCEDURE. A.S.2. Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Feb71 (in notice:
1970); MP22680.

GOOD NEWS TO ALL NATIONS. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

THE GOOD SAMARITAN. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

GOVERNMENT AND ONE HUNDRED MILLION PEOPLE. See

  REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.

[GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Grain Belt
Breweries. Made by Knox Reeves Advertising. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.

  Brewmaster. XGMR1939. © 28Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22489.

  The egg and ahhhh. XGMR1529. © 28Feb72; MP22486.

  Lox, stock, and bagel. XGMR1019. © 28Feb72; MP22483.

  Mug you can trust. XGMR1219. © 28Feb72; MP22484.

  Piano player. XGMR2039. © 28Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22487.

  Pitcher rated Geeee. XGMR1719. © 28Feb72; MP22485.

  Rain. XGMR1839. © 28Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22488.

  The schooner the better. XGMR1629. © 28Feb72; MP22482.

GRANDMOTHER’S HOUSE. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE GREAT LAKES: NORTH AMERICA’S INLAND SEAS. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 5Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22303.

THE GREAT SUPPER. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

GREAT SURPRISE. See

  LIFE IN GOD--START SMILING.

GREATER THAN, LESS THAN. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
MP22598.

THE GREATEST CON ARTIST IN THE WORLD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 64.

THE GREATEST ENTERTAINER IN THE WORLD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 53.

GREATEST INVENTION IN THE WORLD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 47.

THE GREATEST LOVER IN THE WORLD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 44.

THE GREEDY MAN AND THE STRANGER (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 33 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (African folk tales, 926–3)

  Credits: Illustrator, S. D. Kaicher.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 3Feb71 (in notice: 1970); JP13606.

GREEN ACRES. Filmways TV Productions. Approx. 29 min. each, sd., color,
16 mm. © Filmways TV Productions, Inc.

  Oh, promise me. Credits: Writers, Jay Sommers & Dick Chevillat. Cast:
  Eddie Albert, Eva Gabor, Pat Buttram, Tom Lester, Alvy Moore. ©
  5Mar69; LP40354.

GREEN FOR IRELAND. Columbia Pictures Corp. Made by Anthony Gilkison
Associates. 20 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Director & photographer, Arthur Wooster; music, Edwin Astley;
  editor, Terence Twigg.

  © Anthony Gilkison Associates, Ltd. 1Dec70 (in notice: 1967); MP22410.

GREETINGS. See

  [EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

GREETINGS II. See

  [EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

GROUND LOOP AT SPANISH WELLS. See

  BEARCATS.

GROUND SPILL PETROLEUM FIRES. Teaching Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8440.

GROUP IA ELEMENTS: CHEMICAL PROPERTIES. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. ©
Kalmia Co.; 11Nov71; MP22499.

GROUP IA ELEMENTS: FORMATION BY ELECTROLYSIS. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M.
Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 11Nov71; MP22501.

GROUP IA ELEMENTS: PHYSICAL PROPERTIES. Pt. 1–2. Kalmia Co. 2 motion
pictures (3 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 11Nov71;
MP22496–22497.

GROUP IA ELEMENTS: THE SOLVATED ELECTRON Na IN NH_{3}. Kalmia Co. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch &
Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 11Nov71; MP22502.

GROUP IB ELEMENTS: COPPER. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.;
11Nov71; MP22500.

GROUP IIA ELEMENTS: PHYSICAL AND CHEMICAL PROPERTIES. Kalmia Co. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert
M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 11Nov71; MP22498.

GROW. See

  WHY DO WE.

GROWING THE LEADER. Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co. Made by Imagination
Unlimited. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Leadership training film for
Freemasonry) © Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co., Inc.; 2Dec70; MP22129.

GROWING UP. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

GUESS WHAT HAPPENED ON THE WAY TO THE MOON. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 3.

GUESS WHERE WE WENT TODAY! (Filmstrip) Pathescope Educational Films.
Made by Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
With teacher’s manual, 49 p.

  Contents: Story 1–4: The cow who wanted to see a farm. 38 fr.--Raining
  sunshine. 45 fr.--The mustard man. 42 fr.--The helicopter that hid. 44
  fr.

  Credits: Writing & collaboration, Craig Street; painting & art, Cathy
  Nelson; story consultant, Joan M. Goldberg.

  © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions 10Apr72; A342636.

GUESS WHO’S GOING TO BE A BRIDE, PT. 1. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 116.

GUESS WHO’S GOING TO BE A BRIDE, PT. 2. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 117.

GUINEA COAST. See

  THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.

GUITAR MAGIC (Filmstrip) Educational Productions. 32 filmstrips in 1
roll, color, 35 mm. © Educational Productions, Inc.; 28Sep71; JP13950.

GUMSHOE. Memorial Enterprises. Released by Columbia Pictures. 88 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Michael Medwin; director, Stephen Frears; writer,
  Neville Smith; music, Andrew Lloyd Webber; photographer, Chris Menges;
  editor, Charles Rees.

  Cast: Albert Finney, Billie Whitelaw, Frank Finley, Janice Rule,
  Carolyn Seymour.

  © Memorial Enterprises, Ltd.; 9Dec71; LP40481.

GUN QUEST. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

THE GUNSMITH (Filmstrip) Colonial Williamsburg. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Colonial Williamsburg; 4Jun71; JP13661.

GUNSMOKE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  Time of the jackals. Credits: Producer, John Mantley; writers, Richard
  Fielder & Paul Savage. Cast: James Arness, Milburn Stone, Amanda
  Blake, Ken Curtis, Buck Taylor. © 6Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP40361.


                                   H

[H & R BLOCK TV COMMERCIALS] H & R Block. Made by Della Femina,
Travisano & Partners. 10 motion pictures (approx. 30 sec. each), sd.,
color, 16 mm. © H & R Block, Inc.; 3Jan72; MP22568.

H. R. PUFNSTUF. Sid & Marty Krofft Television Productions. Approx. 23
min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Sid &
Marty Krofft Television Productions, Inc.

  The almost election of Mayor Witchie-poo. © 28Nov69; LP40523.

  The birthday party. © 26Sep69; LP40514.

  Box kite kaper. © 12Sep69; LP40512.

  Dinner for two, please Orson. © 24Oct69; LP40518.

  Flute, book and candle. © 17Oct69; LP40517.

  The golden key. © 19Sep69; LP40513.

  The horse with the golden throat. © 3Oct69; LP40515.

  Jimmy who? © 5Dec69; LP40524.

  The mechanical boy. © 29Aug69: LP40510.

  Show biz witch. © 5Sep69; LP40511.

  The stand-in. © 10Oct69; LP40516.

  A tooth for a tooth. © 7Nov69; LP40520.

  The visiting witch. © 21Nov69; LP40522.

  Whaddya mean, the horse gets the girl? © 14Nov69; LP40521.

  The wheely-bird. © 22Aug69; LP40509.

  You can’t have your cake. © 31Oct69: LP40519.

HAIKU. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

HAIR BLEACHING. Pt. 1. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 767) Loop film. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22720.

HAIR BLEACHING. Pt. 2. Kenalex Corp, Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 768) Loop film. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22721.

HAIR CUTTING. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 762) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22716.

HAIR STYLING. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 761) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22715.

HAIR TINTING. Pt. 1. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 765) Loop film. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22718.

HAIR TINTING. Pt. 2. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 766) Loop film. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22719.

THE HALF-WAVE RECTIFIER. Pt. 1 (Using vacuum tube) ADM-MPS. Released by
Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

© Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22181.

THE HALF-WAVE RECTIFIER. Pt. 2 (Using semiconductor) ADM-MPS. Released
by Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22179.

HALF-WAVE RECTIFIER; CAPACITOR FILTER. See

  THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY.

HALLOWEEN. See

  HOLIDAYS.

HALOGRAPHY. See

  HOLOGRAPHY.

HAMLET (Filmstrip) Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm.
© Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69; A196156.

HANDLING COMPLAINTS BY PHONE. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

HANDS. Karen Johnson. 2 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Karen Johnson; 16Sep71;
MP22126.

HANDS AND ARMS. See

  I SEE YOU AND ME.

HANK AARON SWEARS. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

HANNAH. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

HAPPY. San Antonio Independent School District. 8 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Sutherland
Learning Associates. Appl. authors: Dan & Elaine Weisburd. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; LP40807.

HAPPY ANNIVERSARY. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 31.

HAPPY DREAMS OF HOLLOW MEN. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE HAPPY TUESDAY RECYCLING JUG BAND TRUCK. King Screen Productions. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 11Apr72; MP22604.

HARD TO FEEL YOU’RE SOMEBODY: DOPE IN THE CITY (Filmstrip) Guidance
Associates of Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace
Jovanovich. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 85 fr.; pt. 2, 85 fr.), color, 35 mm.
With discussion guide, 62 p.

  Credits: Writers, Robert & Adele Maucker; editor, Peter J. Ketchum;
  photographers, Ron Benvenisti & Jerry Spearman.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Robert Maucker (discussion guide) & Adele Maucker.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 18Apr72; A335920.

HARLEM IN THE TWENTIES. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 1970. NM:
additions & revisions. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
7Jan72 (in notice: 1971), MP22341.

HARMONY. See

  THE KALIMBA: HARMONY.

HARTLEY OSCILLATOR--PNP AND NPN. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22110.

HAUSER’S MEMORY. Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min., sd., color,
35 mm.

  Cast: Helmut Kautner, Leslie Nielsen, David McCallum, Susan Strasberg,
  Robert Webber.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Nov70; LP40569.

HAVE HOMES. See

  WHY DO WE.

HAVE RULES. See

  WHY DO WE.

HAVE YOU EVER HAD A GENIE HATE YOU. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 85.

HAVE YOU HEARD THE ONE ABOUT THE USED CAR SALESMAN. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 92.

HAVE YOU TRIED? (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. (Leisure time, X–216–E)

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13709.

HAVEN’T I SEEN ME SOMEPLACE BEFORE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 87.

HAVEN’T WE MET SOMEWHERE. Christian Science Board of Directors. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Directors, Ron & Gary Krisel; music composed & played by
  Larry Groce.

  Appl. author: Christian Science Board of Directors, employer for hire.

  © Christian Science Board of Directors; 11Feb72; MU8401.

THE HAVES AND HAVE NOTS. See

  ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.

HAWAII FIVE-O. Leonard Freeman Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  Just lucky, I guess. Credits: Teleplay, Jerome Coopersmith & Mel
  Goldbert; story, Jerome Coopersmith. © 8Oct69; LP40355.

  Three dead cows at Makapu, pt. 1–2. Credits: Story, Leonard Freeman;
  writer, Anthony Lawrence. © 18Feb70, LP40371; 25Feb70, LP40372.

HAWAII: THE POSSIBLE DREAM. Cate & McGlone Films. 33 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Cate & McGlone Films; 14Jan72; MP22495.

HEAD INJURY. See

  NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

HEALTH: EYE-CARE FANTASY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Joy of growing) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 3Mar72; MP22857.

HEALTH: GERMS AND THE SPACE VISITORS. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Joy of growing) ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 27Oct71; MP22217.

HEALTH INSURANCE (Filmstrip) Public Education Publications. 45 fr.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Richard L. Kuxhaus. © Richard L. Kuxhaus
d.b.a. Public Education Publications: 20Sep71; JP14062.

HEALTH: THE DIRT-WITCH CLEANS UP. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Joy of growing) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp.; 10Nov71; MP22213.

HEALTH: TOOTHACHE OF THE CLOWN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Joy of growing) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp.; 24Jan72; MP22466.

THE HEART OF AMERICA. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 6.

HEAT AND TEMPERATURE RELATIONSHIPS. See

  INVESTIGATING RELATIONSHIPS IN MATTER.

THE HEAVENS DECLARE (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 11 fr., color, 35
mm. Appl. states copyright not claimed on material from U.S. Government
sources. NM: compilation. © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13953.

HEIR. See

  JENNIFER ON MY MIND.

HELICOPTER THAT HID. See

  GUESS WHERE WE WENT TODAY.

HELL ON EARTH. See

  NO MAN’S LAND (HELL ON EARTH)

HELLO, I NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING. American Telephone & Telegraph Co.
Made by Cinegraphique. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Lew
Sayre Schwartz. © A.T. & T. a.a.d.o. American Telephone & Telegraph Co.;
29Dec71; LP40868.

HELP, HELP, A SHARK. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 134.

HELP THE FIRST-TIME BUYERS TO BUY (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp., Chrysler
Institute, Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 58 fr.,
color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 25May72; JP14140.

HELP! THIS IS AN EMERGENCY. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

HELPFUL OR HARMFUL. See

  BEING SAFE.

HEMATOPHATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 4
filmstrips (pt. 1–4, 51 fr. each), color, 35 mm. With manual, 108 p.

  Credits: By Bong Hak Hyun & John K. Ashton.

  © W. B. Saunders Co.: 13Mar72: A327470.

HEMIPLEGIA. See

  NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

HERE COMES BOOTSIE NIGHTINGALE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 71.

THE HERMAPHRODITIC MATINGS OF SNAILS AND SLUGS. No. 651. Thorne Films. 3
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producer & photographer, Bruce J. Russell.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22665.

THE HICKORY, DICKORY DOCK RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

THE HIDE AND GO SEEK RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

HIDE AND SEEK FOG (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 31 fr., color, 35
mm. With manual, 1 v. Based on the book of the same title by Alvin
Tresselt & illustrated by Roger Duvoisin. NM: selection & compilation. ©
on filmstrip; Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 1Nov71; A299317.

HIGH ALTITUDE LAKES. McGraw-Hill Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 14Apr72 (in notice:
1968); MP22634.

THE HIGH COST OF NIGHTMARES. See

  SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

HIM, HER AND THEM. See

  MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.

HINDU VILLAGE BOY. Atlantis Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Rev. ed. of Mooti, child of new India. © Atlantis a.a.d.o. Atlantis
Productions, Inc.; 15Jan70; MP22491.

HINDUISM. See

  JUDAISM, ISLAM, HINDUISM, BUDDHISM.

HIROSHIMA, THE REBUILDING OF JAPAN’S CITIES. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

HISTORY AND GOVERNMENT. See

  SEEING FRANCE.

HISTORY AND PEOPLE. See

  SEEING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

HISTORY AND TREASURE, FOG AND FIRE. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 8.

HISTORY OF ROCKETRY (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 88 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13608.

HOLDING THEM SPELLBOUND. Centron Educational Films. 17 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 4May72; MP22652.

HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON (Filmstrip) Lollipop Dragon
Productions. Made by Society for Visual Education. 6 filmstrips, color,
35 mm.

  Contents: L106–7–-L106–12. Lollipop Dragon helps Santa. 55
  fr.--Thanksgiving in tumtum. 63 fr.--The big Easter egg hunt. 60
  fr.--Lollipop Dragon’s first Halloween. 44 fr.--Lollipop Dragon’s
  Valentine party. 50 fr.--Mother’s Day surprise. 48 fr.

  Appl. authors: Roger J. Himmel & Luther J. Peters.

  © Lollipop Dragon Productions, Inc.; 4Aug71; JP14088–14089,
  14093–14092, 14090–14091.

HOLIDAY IN GREECE (Mother goes Greek) Cheverny 1971 Film Fund. 5 reels,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Ernest Reid. © Cheverny 1971 Film Fund;
8Mar72; LU3624.

[HOLIDAYS] (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
4 records.

  Contents: Filmstrip no. 225–A-–225–H: The spirit of Christmas. 61
  fr.--Halloween. 64 fr.-Fourth of July. 81 fr.--Washington’s birthday.
  67 fr.--Memorial Day. 100 fr.--Valentine’s Day. 88 fr.--Columbus Day.
  103 fr.--Thanksgiving. 77 fr.

  Credits: Narration & music, Barbara Kruger Peterson; photography &
  sound, Glen Peterson.

  © Glenarby Productions; 1Sep71; JP13750.

HOLOGRAPHY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in collaboration with Bell Telephone Laboratories. Appl. ti.:
Halography. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70 (in
notice: 1971); MP22286.

THE HOME (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 63
fr., color, 35 mm. (What’s around us, X–222–D)

  Credits: General ed., Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.: 1Sep71; JP13705.

HOME ECONOMICS BULLETIN BOARDS (Filmstrip) LaNece P. Lomonte. 2
filmstrips (25 fr. each), color, 35 mm. © LaNece P. Lomonte; 26Jan72;
JP13800–13799.

THE HOME GARDENER: CARE OF HOUSE PLANTS. Pt. A. Videorecord Corp. of
America. 8 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Patricia Latimer.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22554.

THE HOME GARDENER: CARE OF HOUSE PLANTS. Pt. B. Videorecord Corp. of
America. 9 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Patricia Latimer.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22555.

THE HOME GARDENER: GERANIUMS--PROPAGATING FROM CUTTINGS. Videorecord
Corp. of America. 10 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Patricia Latimer.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22551.

THE HOME GARDENER: REPOTTING PLANTS. Videorecord Corp. of America. 10
min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Patricia Latimer.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22552.

HONEST JOHN. See

  BONANZA.

THE HONKERS. United Artists Corp. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producers, Arthur Gardner & Jules Levy; director, Steve
  Ihnat; writers, Steve Ihnat & Stephen Lodge; music, Jimmie Haskell;
  director of photography, James Crabe; film editor, Tom Rolf.

  Cast: James Coburn, Lois Nettleton, Slim Pickens, Anne Archer, Richard
  Anderson.

  © United Artists Corp.; 25Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP40549.

HONOLULU, HAWAII. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 18.

HOPPY BIRTHDAY. Karl Baptiste Lohmann, Jr. 3 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Karl Baptiste Lohmann, Jr.; 5Nov71; LP40508.

HORSE STEALING ON FIFTH AVENUE. See

  MCCLOUD.

HORSE WITH THE GOLDEN THROAT. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

HORSEHAIR TRUNK. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

HOSEA, PROPHET OF LOVE. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

THE HOSPITAL. Simcha Productions. Released by United Artists Corp. 103
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, Howard Gottfried; director, Arthur Hiller; writer,
  Paddy Chayefsky; director of photography, Victor Kemper; film editor,
  Eric Albertson.

  Cast: George C. Scott, Dianna Rigg, Barnard Hughes, Nancy Marchand,
  Stephen Elliott.

  © Simcha Productions, Inc.; 14Dec71; LP40744.

HOSTAGE. See

  MEN AT LAW.

  SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

HOSTAGES. See

  BEARCATS.

THE HOT CANARY. Ray Pointer. 2 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ray Pointer;
5May72; LP40842.

HOUGHTON, MICHIGAN. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 23.

HOUGHTON MIFFLIN READING PROGRAM, 1. See

  THE OVERVIEW.

THE HOUSE. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

HOUSE OF ALQUIST. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THE HOUSE THAT WASN’T THERE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
Canada. Made by Moreland-Latchford Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.; 4Jan72; MP22399.

HOUSEKEEPER. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

HOW BEAVER STOLE FIRE. Communico. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Communico, Inc.; 1Feb72; MP22336.

HOW DO YOU BEAT SUPERMAN. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 42.

HOW DOES THE STOCK MARKET WORK. See

  THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.

HOW HOT IS A DRAGON? King Screen Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Kingdom of Kite) © King Broadcasting Co.; 2Mar72 (in notice:
1971); MP22445.

HOW LUCKY CAN YOU GET. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 22.

HOW NATIONS WORK TOGETHER. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
15Jul71; MP22145.

HOW NOT TO GET LOST (AND WHAT TO DO IF YOU DO) (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of
America. 20 fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 30Nov71;
JP13668.

HOW THEY MAKE WORK EASIER. See

  INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES.

HOW TO BE A GENIE IN 10 EASY LESSONS. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 38.

HOW TO DRAW--A PRIMER. See

  ART: HOW TO DRAW--A PRIMER.

HOW TO MANAGE YOUR INCOME. See

  THE AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES (FILMSTRIP)

HOW TO MARRY AN ASTRONAUT. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 97.

HOW TO PLAN FILMSTRIP-TAPE MULTIMEDIA LESSONS (Filmstrip) Mt. San
Jacinto College. 50 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Planner & writer, Milo P. Johnson.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Nov71 (in notice:
  1969); JP13581.

HOW TO READ A -- (Filmstrip) Educational direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X–218–A--X–218–F: How to read a difficult book. 53 fr.--How
  to read a history text. 60 fr.--How to read a science text. 64
  fr.--How to read a newspaper and a magazine. 62 fr.--How to read a
  novel. 58 fr.--How to read a reference book and directions. 48 fr.

  Credits: General ed., Donald J. Reiss.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13734, 13722, 13715, 13717,
  13708, 13714.

HOW TO SHOP. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

HOW TO WRITE REPORTS (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X234–A--X234–F: A report that reports. 48 fr.--Writing a
  paper. 47 fr.--Writing a book report. 37 fr.--Sources and resources.
  55 fr.--Footnotes, bibliographies and exhibits. 54 fr.--Writing,
  presenting information and data. 41 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13836, 13888, 13832, 13814,
  13818, 13877.

HOW WE STUDY [OCEANOGRAPHY] See

  OCEANOGRAPHY.

HOWARD JONES. ETS Program Service. Made by KETC. 29 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71; MP22324.

HUDSON RIVER, CAUSES & RESULTS OF POLLUTION. See

  POLLUTION.

HUDSON RIVER, HISTORY AND ECOLOGY. See

  POLLUTION.

HUMANITIES SERIES. See

  MUSIC TO LIVE BY.

  OPERA: MAN, MUSIC AND DRAMA.

  THE PERFORMING ARTS.

  THE RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE.

  SCULPTURE: THE FORMS OF LIFE.

HUMANITY AND THE NEED FOR CHANGE. See

  REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.

HUMOR. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

HUMOR IN MUSIC. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.

HUMOROUS VERSE. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

HUNGARIAN REVOLT (1956) Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The
8 mm. documents project, no. 386) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22264.

HURRICANE JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 137.

HYLAND CONFESSION. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

HYPERTENSION. Merck, Sharp & Dohme. Made by Medcom. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Medcom, Inc.; 1Nov71 (in notice: 1970); MP22490.


                                   I

I AM. Wombat Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wombat
Productions, Inc.; 7Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22224.

I AM RISEN AND WITH YOU. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

I AM ROUND. Abracadabra Enterprises Corp. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Abracadabra Enterprises Corp.; 23Jun71; MP22826.

I DREAM OF JEANNIE. Sidney Sheldon Productions. Released by Screen Gems.
Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Sidney Sheldon Productions,
Inc.

  1. The lady in the bottle. Pilot. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Gene Nelson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Karen Sharpe, Hayden Rorke, Philip Ober. © 18Sep65; LP40687.

  2. My hero? Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon; director: Gene
  Nelson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Richard Kiel,
  Henry Corden. © 25Sep65; LP40688.

  3. Guess what happened on the way to the moon? Credits: Producer,
  Sidney Sheldon; director, Alan Rafkin, writers, Tom Waldman & Frank
  Waldman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily. ©
  2Oct65; LP40689.

  4. Jeannie and the marriage caper. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Alan Rafkin; writers, Tom Waldman & Frank Waldman. Cast:
  Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Karen Sharpe. ©
  9Oct65; LP40690.

  5. G.I. Jeannie. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director, Alan
  Rafkin; writer, William Davenport. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Bill Daily, Edmond Ryan, Jane Dulo. © 16Oct65; LP40691.

  6. The yacht murder case. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director,
  Gene Nelson; writers, David Braverman & Bob Marcus. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Lindsay Workman. ©
  23Oct65; LP40692.

  7. Anybody here seen Jeannie? Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Gene Nelson; writer, Arnold Horwitt. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Dabney Coleman. © 30Oct65;
  LP40693.

  8. The Americanization of Jeannie. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Gene Nelson; writer, Arnold Horwitt. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily. © 6Nov65; LP40694.

  9. The moving finger. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director,
  Gene Nelson; writers, Harry Essex & Jerry Seelen. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Nancy Kovack, David McLean. © 13Nov65; LP40695.

  10. Djinn & water. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director, Gene
  Nelson; writer, Mary C. McCall, Jr. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, J. Carrol Naish. © 20Nov65; LP40696.

  11. Whatever became of baby Custer? Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Gene Nelson; writers, Austin & Irma Kalish. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Herbert Voland, Grace Albertson. ©
  27Nov65; LP40697.

  12. Where’d you go-go? Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director, E.
  W. Swackhamer; writers, Bob Fisher & Arthur Alsberg. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Don Mitchell. © 4Dec65;
  LP40698.

  13. Russian roulette. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director, E.
  W. Swackhamer; writers, Bob Fisher & Arthur Alsberg. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Richard Gilden. ©
  11Dec65; LP40699.

  14. What house across the street? Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Theodore J. Flicker; writers, Arthur Alsberg & Bob Fisher.
  Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Lurene
  Tutle. © 18Dec65; LP40700.

  15. Too many Tonys. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director, E. W.
  Swackhamer; writer, Arnold Horwitt. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 25Dec65; LP40701.

  16. Get me to Mecca on time. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, E. W. Swackhamer; writers, James Allardice & Tom Adair.
  Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Jamie
  Farr. © 9Jan66 (in notice: 1965); LP40702.

  17. The richest astronaut in the whole wide world. Credits: Producer,
  Sidney Sheldon; director, E. W. Swackhamer; writer, William Davenport.
  Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton
  MacLane. © 15Jan66 (in notice: 1965); LP40703.

  18. Is there an extra Jeannie in the house? Credits: Producer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper; writer, Charles Tannen. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Bernard Fox. © 22Jan66
  (in notice: 1965); LP40704.

  19. Never try to outsmart a genie. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Herb Wallerstein; writer, Martin A. Ragaway. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Peter Brocco. © 22Jan66
  (in notice: 1965); LP40705.

  20. My master the doctor. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 5Feb66 (in notice: 1965); LP40706.

  21. Jeannie and the kidnap caper. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 12Feb66 (in notice: 1965);
  LP40707.

  22. How lucky can you get? Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Ted De Corsia. © 19Feb66 (in notice: 1965);
  LP40708.

  23. Watch the birdie. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 26Feb66 (in notice: 1965); LP40709.

  24. The permanent house guest. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 5Mar66 (in notice: 1965);
  LP40710.

  25. Bigger than a bread box and better than a genie. Credits: Producer
  & writer, Sidney Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. ©
  12Mar66 (in notice: 1965); LP40711.

  26. My master, the great Rembrandt. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 19Mar66 (in notice: 1965);
  LP40712.

  27. My master, the thief. Credits: Producer, Sidney Sheldon; director,
  Claudio Guzman; story, Sidney Sheldon & Robert Kaufman. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 2Apr66
  (in notice: 1965); LP40713.

  28. This is murder. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon,
  director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 9Apr66 (in notice: 1965); LP40714.

  29. My master, the magician. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 23Apr66 (in notice: 1965);
  LP40715.

  30. I’ll never forget what’s her name. Credits: Producer & writer,
  Sidney Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Barton MacLane. © 7May66 (in notice: 1965);
  LP40716.

  31. Happy Anniversary. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 12Sep66; LP40671.

  32. Always on Sunday. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 19Sep66; LP40672.

  33. My master, the rich tycoon. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Paul Lynde. © 26Sep66; LP40673.

  34. My master, the rainmaker. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 3Oct66; LP40674.

  35. My wild-eyed master. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 10Oct66; LP40675.

  36. What’s new, poodle dog. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Dick Wilson. © 17Oct66; LP40676.

  37. Fastest gun in the East. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Whit
  Bissell, Eddie Firestone, Fred Krone. © 24Oct66; LP40677.

  38. How to be a genie in 10 easy lessons. Credits: Producer & writer,
  Sidney Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily. © 31Oct66; LP40678.

  39. Who needs a green-eyed genie? Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Ted DeCorsia. © 7Nov66; LP40679.

  40. The girl who never had a birthday, pt. 1. Credits: Producer &
  writer, Sidney Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 14Nov66;
  LP40680.

  41. The girl who never had a birthday, pt. 2. Credits: Producer &
  writer, Sidney Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 21Nov66;
  LP40681.

  42. How do you beat superman? Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 28Nov66; LP40682.

  43. My Master, the great Caruso. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 5Dec66; LP40683.

  44. The greatest lover in the world. Credits: Producer & writer,
  Sidney Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 12Dec66; LP40684.

  45. Jeannie breaks the bank. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 19Dec66; LP40685.

  46. My master, the author. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Dick Goode. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 26Dec66; LP40686.

  47. The greatest invention in the world. Credits: Producer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper; writer, Sidney Sheldon. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 9Jan67
  (in notice: 1966); LP40644.

  48. My master, the spy. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 16Jan67 (in notice: 1966); LP40645.

  49. You can’t arrest me, I don’t have a driver’s license. Credits:
  Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Herb Vigran. © 23Jan67
  (in notice: 1966); LP40646.

  50. One of our bottles is missing. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Frank Puglia. © 30Jan67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40647.

  51. My poor master, the civilian. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 6Feb67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40648.

  52. There goes the best genie I ever had. Credits: Producer & writer,
  Sidney Sheldon; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Bill Daily, Virginia Ann Ford, Willy Kooperman. © 20Feb67 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40649.

  53. The greatest entertainer in the world. Credits: Producer &
  director, Claudio Guzman; writer, Sidney Sheldon. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 27Feb67 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40650.

  54. My incredible shrinking master. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, Sidney Sheldon. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily. © 6Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP40651.

  55. My master, the pirate. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, Sidney Sheldon. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Joseph Perry, Elaine Devry, Digby Wolfe. © 13Mar67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40652.

  56. A secretary is not a toy. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 20Mar67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40653.

  57. There goes the bride. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney Sheldon;
  director, Larry Hagman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Abraham Sofaer, Jack Bailey. © 27Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP40654.

  58. My master, Napoleon’s buddy. Credits: Producer & writer, Sidney
  Sheldon; director, Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Danielle Demetz, Booth Colman. © 3Apr67 (in notice: 1966); LP40655.

  59. The birds and the bees bit. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Larry Hagman; writer, Allan Devon. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Lorette Strome. © 10Apr67 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40656.

  60. My master, the swinging bachelor. Credits: Producer, Claudio
  Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, Sidney Sheldon. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily. © 17Apr67 (in notice:
  1966); LP40657.

  61. The mod party. Credits: Producer, William Froug; director, William
  Asher; writer, Ed Jurist. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Dabney Coleman. © 24Apr67; (in notice: 1966);
  LP40658.

  62. Fly me to the moon. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Hal Cooper; writer, Robert Marcus. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Parley Baer. © 12Sep67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40659.

  63. Jeannie or the tiger. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily. © 19Sep67 (in notice: 1966); LP40660.

  64. The greatest con artist in the world. Credits: Producer &
  director, Claudio Guzman; writer, Allan Devon. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hal Cooper, James Daris, Yankee Chang. © 26Sep67 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40661.

  65. My turned on master. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Hal Cooper; writer, Dennis Whitcomb. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 3Oct67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40662.

  66. My master, the weakling. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, Ron Friedman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, David Soul. © 10Oct67 (in notice: 1966); LP40818.

  67. Jeannie, the hip hippie. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 17Oct67 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40663.

  68. Everybody’s a movie star. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Larry Vincent. © 31Oct67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40664.

  69. Who are you calling a genie? Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Marty Roth. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Corinne Camacho. © 7Nov67 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40665.

  70. Meet my master’s mother. Credits: Producer, director & writer,
  Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Spring
  Byington. © 14Nov67 (in notice: 1966); LP40666.

  71. Here comes Bootsie Nightingale. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Paul West. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Carol Wayne. © 21Nov67 (in notice:
  1966); LP40667.

  72. Tony’s wife. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman; writer,
  Christopher Golato. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 28Nov67 (in notice: 1966); LP40668.

  73. Jeannie & the great bank robbery. Credits: Producer, Claudio
  Guzman; director, Larry Hagman; writers, Seaman Jacobs, Fred Fox &
  James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Vince
  Howard, Allen Davis. © 5Dec67 (in notice: 1966); LP40669.

  74. My son, the genie. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, Bill Richard. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke,
  Bill Daily, Sheldon Allman. © 12Dec67 (in notice: 1966); LP40819.

  75. Jeannie goes to Honolulu. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Lee Saltonstall. © 26Dec67 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40670.

  76. The battle of Waikiki. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Marty Roth. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Theodore Nobriga. © 2Jan68 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40624.

  77. Genie, genie, who’s got the genie, pt. 1. Credits: Producer &
  director, Claudio Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Dennis Cooney. © 16Jan68 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40625.

  78. Genie, genie who’s got the genie, pt. 2. Credits: Producer &
  director, Claudio Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Reta Shaw. © 23Jan68 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40626.

  79. Genie, genie, who’s got the genie, pt. 3. Credits: Producer,
  Claudio Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast:
  Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Al Dennis. ©
  30Jan68 (in notice: 1966); LP40627.

  80. Genie, genie, who’s got the genie, pt. 4. Credits: Producer,
  Claudio Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast:
  Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Benny Rubin. ©
  6Feb68 (in notice: 1966); LP40628.

  81. Please don’t feed the astronauts. Credits: Producer, Claudio
  Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, Ron Friedman. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Hazel Shermet. © 13Feb68
  (in notice: 1966); LP40629.

  82. My master, the ghost breaker. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Ronald Long, Leslie Randall. © 20Feb68 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40630.

  83. Divorce, genie style. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Woodrow Parfrey. © 27Feb68 (in notice:
  1966); LP40631.

  84. My double-crossing master. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Mark Rowane. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke. © 5Mar68 (in notice: 1966); LP40632.

  85. Have you ever had a genie hate you? Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden
  Rorke, Carole Williams, © 12Mar68 (in notice: 1966); LP40814.

  86. Operation: First couple on the moon. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, Arthur Julian. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Kay Reynolds. © 19Mar68 (in notice:
  1966); LP40815.

  87. Haven’t I seen me someplace before. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, Marty Roth. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 26Mar68 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40816.

  88. U.F. Ohhh! Jeannie. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Hal Cooper; writer, Marty Roth. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, J. Pat O’Malley. © 16Sep68 (in notice:
  1966); LP40633.

  89. Jeannie and the wild pipchicks. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Reta Shaw. © 23Sep68 (in notice:
  1966); LP40634.

  90. Tomorrow is not another day. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; creator, Sidney Sheldon; writer, Bruce Howard.
  Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily. © 7Oct68
  (in notice: 1966); LP40635.

  91. Abdullah. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman; writer,
  Marty Roth. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden
  Rorke, Jack Riley. © 14Oct68 (in notice: 1966); LP40636.

  92. Have you heard the one about the used car salesman? Credits:
  Producer, Claudio Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, James
  Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke. Bill Daily,
  Henry Beckman. © 4Nov68 (in notice: 1966); LP40637.

  93. Djinn Djinn, go home. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman; director,
  Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Terri Messina. © 11Nov68 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40638.

  94. The strongest man in the world. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, Ray Singer. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Jerry Quarry. © 18Nov68 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40639.

  95. The indispensable Jeannie. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 25Nov68 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40640.

  96. Jeannie and the top secret secret. Credits: Producer, Claudio
  Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, Searle Kramer. Cast: Barbara
  Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Sabrina Scharf. © 2Dec68
  (in notice: 1966); LP40641.

  97. How to marry an astronaut. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 9Dec68 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40642.

  98. Dr. Bellows goes sane. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Richard Kinon; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane. © 16Dec68 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40817.

  99. Jeannie the guru. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Michael Margotta. © 30Dec68 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40643.

  100. The case of my vanishing master, pt. 1. Credits: Producer,
  Claudio Guzman; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Joe La Grasso. © 6Jan69 (in notice:
  1966); LP40596.

  101. The case of my vanishing master, pt. 2. Credits: Producer,
  Claudio Guzman; director, Hal Cooper. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Joe La Grasso. © 13Jan69 (in notice:
  1966); LP40597.

  102. Ride ’em, astronaut. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Mark Miller. © 27Jan69 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40598.

  103. Invisible house for sale. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Harold Gould. © 3Feb69 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40599.

  104. Jeannie, the governor’s wife. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Jack Smith. © 10Feb69 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40600.

  105. Is there a doctor in the house? Credits: Producer, Claudio
  Guzman; director, Oscar Rudolph; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast:
  Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Barton MacLane.
  © 17Feb69 (in notice: 1966); LP40601.

  106. Biggest star in Hollywood. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Judy Carne. © 24Feb69 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40602.

  107. The case of the porcelain puppy. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 3Mar69 (in notice:
  1966); LP40603.

  108. Jeannie for the defense. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Bruce Howard. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Kay E. Kuter. © 10Mar69 (in notice:
  1966); LP40604.

  109. Nobody loves a fat astronaut. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, Christopher Golato. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Vinton Hayworth. © 17Mar69 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40605.

  110. Around the moon in 80 blinks. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Richard Mulligan. © 24Mar69 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40606.

  111. Jeannie-go-round. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Emmaline Henry. © 7Apr69 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40607.

  112. Jeannie and the secret weapon. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Leo Garen; writer, Larry Markes. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily, Ron Masak. © 14Apr69 (in notice:
  1966); LP40608.

  113. Blackmail order bride. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill
  Daily, George Furth, Barbara Bostock. © 12May69 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40609.

  114. Jeannie at the piano. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden,
  Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Vinton Hayworth, George Spell. © 16Sep69 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40610.

  115. Djinn, Djinn, the pied piper. Credits: Producer & director,
  Claudio Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Vinton Hayworth. © 23Sep69 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40611.

  116. Guess who’s going to be a bride, pt. 1. Credits: Producer,
  Claudio Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast:
  Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Jackie Coogan. ©
  30Sep69 (in notice: 1966); LP40612.

  117. Guess who’s going to be a bride, pt. 2. Credits: Producer,
  Claudio Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writer, James Henerson. Cast:
  Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Jackie Coogan. ©
  7Oct69 (in notice: 1966); LP40613.

  118. Jeannie’s beauty cream. Credits: Producer, Claudio Guzman;
  director, Hal Cooper; writer, Joanna Lee. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Harold Gould. © 14Oct69 (in notice:
  1966); LP40614.

  119. Jeannie and the bachelor party. Credits: Producer, Claudio
  Guzman; director, Hal Cooper; writers, Dick Bensfield & Perry Grant.
  Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Emmaline
  Henry. © 21Oct69 (in notice: 1966); LP40615.

  120. The blood of a Jeannie. Credits: Director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, John L. Greene. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Ned Glass. © 28Oct69 (in notice: 1966); LP40616.

  121. I’ll see you in C-U-B-A. Credits: Director, Hal Cooper; writer,
  John McGreevy. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden
  Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 4Nov69 (in notice: 1966); LP40617.

  122. Jeannie & the mad home wrecker. Credits: Director, Hal Cooper;
  writer, Howard Ostroff. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 11Nov69 (in notice: 1966); LP40618.

  123. Uncle a-go-go. Credits: Director, Russ Mayberry; writer, Ron
  Friedman. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke,
  Vinton Hayworth. © 25Nov69 (in notice: 1966); LP40619.

  124. The wedding. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 2Dec69 (in notice: 1966); LP40620.

  125. My sister, the homewrecker. Credits: Director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Michael Ansara, Emmaline Henry. © 9Dec69 (in notice: 1966); LP40621.

  126. Jeannie, the matchmaker. Credits: Director, Claudio Guzman;
  writers, Don Richman & Bill Daily. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry, Vinton Hayworth. © 16Dec69 (in notice:
  1966); LP40622.

  127. Never put a genie on a budget. Credits: Director, Oscar Rudolph;
  writer, Sidney Sheldon. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Noam Pitlik. © 30Dec69 (in notice: 1966); LP40623.

  128. Please don’t give my Jeannie no more wine. Credits: Director, Jon
  Andersen; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Alan Oppenheimer. © 6Jan70 (in notice:
  1966); LP40584.

  129. One of our hotels is growing. Credits: Director, Jerry Bernstein;
  writer, Robert Rodgers. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 13Jan70 (in notice: 1966); LP40585.

  130. The solid gold Jeannie. Credits: Director, Jerry Bernstein;
  writer, Joanna Lee. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 20Jan70 (in notice: 1966); LP40586.

  131. Mrs. Djinn Djinn. Credits: Director, Russ Mayberry; writers, Dick
  Bensfield & Perry Grant. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 3Feb70 (in notice: 1966); LP40587.

  132. Jeannie and the curious kid. Credits: Director, Claudio Guzman;
  writers, Perry Grant & Dick Bensfield. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry
  Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 10Feb70 (in
  notice: 1966); LP40588.

  133. Jeannie the recording secretary. Credits: Director, Claudio
  Guzman; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill
  Daily, Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 24Feb70 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40589.

  134. Help, help, a shark. Credits: Director, Claudio Guzman; writer,
  James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily, Hayden
  Rorke, Jim Backus. © 3Mar70 (in notice: 1966); LP40590.

  135. Eternally yours, Jeannie. Credits: Director, Joseph Goodson;
  writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Bill Daily,
  Hayden Rorke, Damian Bodie. © 17Mar70 (in notice: 1966); LP40591.

  136. An astronaut in sheep’s clothing. Credits: Director, Bruce
  Kessler; writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman,
  Bill Daily, Hayden Rorke, Emmaline Henry. © 24Mar70 (in notice: 1966);
  LP40592.

  137. Hurricane Jeannie. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily. © 28Apr70 (in notice: 1966); LP40593.

  138. One Jeannie beats four of a kind. Credits: Producer, Claudio
  Guzman; director, Michael Ansara; writers, Perry Grant & Dick
  Bensfield. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden Rorke, Bill Daily,
  Herbert Rudley. © 19May70 (in notice: 1966); LP40594.

  139. The Chili King. Credits: Producer & director, Claudio Guzman;
  writer, James Henerson. Cast: Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, Hayden
  Rorke, Bill Daily, Gabriel Dell. © 26May70 (in notice: 1966); LP40595.

I HATE YOU. See

  MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.

I LOVE YOU, BILLY BAKER, PT. 1–2. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

IMCO SYSTEM. See

  VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

I SEE YOU AND ME (Filmstrip) Scott Education. Made by Jam Handy. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 4 records & Teacher’s guide, 20 p.

  Contents: Faces. 41 fr.--Hands and arms. 38 fr.--The body. 41
  fr.--Expressions. 35 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Robert W. Halapin.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec70; JP13679–13682.

I WANT WHAT I WANT. Marayan Productions. Released by Cinerama Releasing
Corp. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Adapted from the novel by Geoff Brown.

  Credits: Producer, Raymond Stross; director, John Dexter; screenplay,
  Gillian Freeman; music composer & conductor, Johnny Harris; director
  of photography, Gerry Turpin; editor, Peter Thornton.

  Cast: Ann Heywood, Harry Andrews, Jill Bennett, Paul Rogers, Michael
  Coles.

  © Cinerama, Inc. & Marayan Productions, S.A. (in notice: Marayan
  Productions, Ltd. & Cinerama, Inc.); 25Feb72 (in notice: 1971);
  LP40812.

I’D RATHER BE BALD THAN HAVE NO HEAD AT ALL. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

ILL FARES THE LAND. See

  SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.

I’LL NEVER FORGET WHAT’S HER NAME. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 30.

I’LL SEE YOU IN C-U-B-A. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 121.

I’LL SUE. See

  YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

THE ILLEGAL. Colorado Migrant Council, Colorado Rural Legal Services &
Salud y Justicia. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colorado Rural Legal
Services, Colorado Migrant Council & Melvin Damski; 3Feb72; MP22731.

IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING PRACTICE, PT. 1–2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 89–90.

IMPORTANT INVENTORS (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: R–339–-R–344: The steamboat, Fulton. 42 fr.--The cotton gin,
  Whitney. 46 fr.--The sewing machine, Singer. 44 fr.--The automobile,
  Henry Ford. 46 fr.--The printing press, Gutenberg. 43
  fr.--Electricity, Edison. 42 fr.

  © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Mar72; JP14125.

IMPOSTORS. See

  BONANZA.

IMPROVE YOUR KALIMBA PLAYING. Videorecord Corp. of America. 8 min., sd.,
color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Edward L. Simmons; host & programmer, Paul Tracey.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22549.

IN DEATH’S OTHER KINGDOM. See

  THE PSYCHIATRIST.

IN DREAMS THEY RUN. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

IN PROCESS TANK FIRES. Teaching Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8441.

INCAS. See

  CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA.

INCLINED PLANE FAMILY. See

  INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES.

INCONSISTENCIES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 61 fr., color, 35 mm. (Thinking clearly, X–212–A)

  Credits: Illustrator, Kenneth W. Mitchell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13720.

INDEPENDENCE WON. See

  THE REVOLUTION.

INDIAN BOY IN TODAY’S WORLD. Coronet Instructional Films. Made by New
Document Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 9Sep71; MP22136.

INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 33.

THE INDISPENSABLE JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 95.

THE INDIVIDUAL AND EDUCATION. See

  REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.

INDUSTRIAL FIRE HOSE AND NOZZLES. Teaching Films. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8434.

INDUSTRIAL FIRE PROTECTION AND CONTROL. See

  COORDINATED STRUCTURAL FIRE ATTACK.

  FUEL PRESSURE FIRES.

  GROUND SPILL PETROLEUM FIRES.

  IN PROCESS TANK FIRES.

  INDUSTRIAL FIRE HOSE AND NOZZLES.

  LIQUIFIED PETROLEUM GAS FIRES.

  LOADING TERMINAL FIRES.

  OVERHEAD PIPE RACK FIRES.

  PORTABLE FIRE EXTINGUISHERS.

  PROCESS UNIT: TOWER, FLANGES AND PUMP PACKING FIRES.

INDUSTRY AND COMMERCE. See

  SEEING FRANCE.

  SEEING JAPAN.

INFORMATION PROCESSING. CRM Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Psychology today films)

  Credits: Commentators, Donald Norman & David Steinberg.

  NM: compilation & additions.

  © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22369.

THE INN OF THE SPARROWS. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

INNER CITY DWELLER: HEALTH CARE. Indiana University Audio-Visual Center.
23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 15Dec71; MP22347.

INNOCENCE AND EXPERIENCE. See

  WILLIAM BLAKE.

INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY. See

  YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

INSTALLING CONDUIT AND CABLE. Marshall Maintenance. 25 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 20Apr72; MP22606.

INSTITUTE OF SIMPLIFIED MATHEMATICS (Filmstrip) Heinz-Guenther Pink. 390
fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Multimedia director, Carl Pace Worthy; mathematics & script,
  Heinz-Guenther Pink.

  © Heinz-Guenther Pink; 1Dec71; JP13662.

INSTITUTIONS WE DEAL WITH. See

  THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.

INSTRUCTIONAL DEVELOPMENT. Indiana University, Audio-Visual Center. 16
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Laboratory for
Educational Development, School of Education, Indiana University. ©
Indiana University; 8Dec71; MP22321.

INSULIN AND ORAL HYPOGLYCEMIC AGENTS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 55.

INSURANCE IS CANCELLED. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

INTERACTING WITH OLDER PEOPLE, PT. 1–2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 84–85.

INTERNAL ENVIRONMENT. See

  TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT: THE INTERNAL ENVIRONMENT.

INTRODUCTION, FUEL EVAPORATIVE AND CRANKCASE EMISSION CONTROL SYSTEMS.
See

  VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

INTRODUCTION TO AUTOMOBILE INSURANCE. See

  PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE COVERAGES & RATING.

INTRODUCTION TO ETHIOPIA. See

  AFRICA SPEAKS.

AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X232–A--X232–F: What is evolution? 43 fr.--Darwin and
  evolutionary thought. 49 fr.--Natural selection. 51 fr.--Mutation and
  isolation. 49 fr.--Evolution of man. 55 fr.--Cultural evolution. 43
  fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13887, 13849, 13903, 13910,
  13913, 13837.

AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X236–A--X236–F: What is genetics? 51 fr.--Mitosis and
  meiosis. 42 fr.--Mendelian genetics. 55 fr.--DNA, RNA and mutation. 49
  fr.--Sex determination, linkage and influences. 42 fr.--Population
  genetics. 55 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Frank Rice.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP13855, 13859, 13932, 13935,
  13927, 13823.

INTRODUCTION TO MODERN DANCE. See

  THE PRINCIPLES OF MODERN DANCE.

INTRODUCTION TO STARTER 101 PROGRAM. See

  STARTER 101 TEACHER TRAINING PROGRAM.

INTRODUCTION TO THE BRAIN. Teaching Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 15May72; MU8451.

AN INTRODUCTION TO THE NEUROSCIENCES (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 63
fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 9 p.

  Credits: By Brian A. Curtis, Stanley Jacobson & Elliott M. Marcus.

  © W. B. Saunders Co.; 10Mar72; A327471.

INTRODUCTION TO THE PROCESS OF INTERACTION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 18.

INTRODUCTION TO “WET” WATERCOLOR. See

  ART: INTRODUCTION TO “WET” WATERCOLOR.

THE INTRUDERS. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story by William Lansford.

  Cast: Edmond O’Brien, Don Murray, Anne Francis, John Saxon, Edward
  Andrews.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Nov70 (in notice: 1967); LP40575.

INVERSE SQUARE LAW. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

INVESTIGATING RELATIONSHIPS IN MATTER (Filmstrip) Joseph Mealey &
Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 4 Teacher’s guides.

  Contents: Heat and temperature relationships. 60 fr.--Energy and state
  relationships. 59 fr.--Weight and mass relationships. 70 fr.--Mass and
  volume relationships. Appl. ti.: Volume and mass relationships. 59 fr.

  Credits: Project director, Dudley G. Davis; graphics, Edward A. De
  Ville.

  © Joseph Mealey & Associates, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP14083.

INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: What they do. 55 fr.--Kinds of levers. 47 fr.--Using levers.
  48 fr.--Wheel-and-axle pulley. 49 fr.--Inclined plane family. 51
  fr.--How they make work easier. 45 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborators, Gilbert L. Twiest & Kenneth R.
  Mechling.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Jul71;
  JP13628.

INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 11 p.

  Contents: What they are. 54 fr.--Fish. 50 fr.--Amphibians. 50
  fr.--Reptiles. 53 fr.--Birds. 53 fr.--Mammals. 56 fr.

  Credits: Production, M. George Jennings; script, Audrey J. Geis;
  educational collaborator, T. R. Porter; photography, Gilbert L.
  Twiest.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 23Aug71;
  JP13630.

INVISIBLE HOUSE FOR SALE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 103.

INVOLVEMENT. Franciscan Communications Center. 7 min., sd., color, 16
mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications Center;
15Jan72; MP22513.

IRISH REBELLION (1920–1922) Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 344) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22244.

IRON CURLING. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 775) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22728.

IRON VISE IS FORGED. See

  THE CIVIL WAR.

IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min.
each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Harbour-UTV.

  Accident. Credits: Producer, Doug Benton; director, Don McDougall;
  writers, William Douglas Lansford & Irv Pearlberg. Cast: Raymond Burr,
  Juanita Moore, Don Mitchell, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway. © 8Mar71;
  LP40776.

  Backfire. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, John Florea;
  writer, Frank Telford. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don
  Galloway, Don Mitchell, James Wainwright. © 30Nov70; LP40765.

  Blackout. Credits: Director, Don MacDougall. Cast: Raymond Burr,
  Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Jack Albertson. ©
  28Dec70; LP40768.

  Escape. Credits: Director, John Florea; writer, Adrian Spies. Cast:
  Raymond Burr, Nico Mindardos, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don
  Mitchell. © 8Feb71; LP40772.

  From Hruska, with love. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director,
  Alf Kjellin; writer, Richard Shapiro. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara
  Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Diana Hyland. © 18Jan71;
  LP40769.

  Grandmother’s house. Credits: Writers, Preston Wood & Albert Aley.
  Cast: Raymond Burr, Jessie Royce Landis, Barbara Anderson, Don
  Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 29Mar71; LP40778.

  The happy dreams of hollow men. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller;
  director, Don Weis; writers, Sy Salkowitz, Carol Salkowitz & Winston
  Miller. Cast: Raymond Burr, Joseph Campanella, Barbara Anderson, Don
  Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 28Sep70; LP40757.

  A killing at the track. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director,
  Don McDougall. Cast: Raymond Burr, Joel Grey, Barbara Anderson, Don
  Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 1Feb71; LP40771.

  A killing will occur. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin; director, Don
  Weis; writer, Alvin Sapinsley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson,
  Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Dane Clark. © 14Sep70; LP40755.

  The laying on of hands. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
  Don McDougall. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don
  Mitchell, David Barton. © 7Dec70; LP40766.

  Lesson in terror. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director, James
  Neilson; writers, Donn Mullally & Winston Miller. Cast: Raymond Burr,
  Simon Oakland, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. ©
  15Mar71; LP40777.

  The lonely way to go. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
  Richard Benedict; writers, Donn Mullally & Winston Miller. Cast:
  Raymond Burr, Carl Betz, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell.
  © 19Oct70; LP40760.

  Love, peace, brotherhood and murder. Credits: Director, Don Weis;
  writers, Robert Earll, Sy Salkowitz, Winston Miller. Cast: Raymond
  Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Sally Struthers. ©
  15Feb71; LP40773.

  The man on the inside. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
  Don McDougall; writers, Brad Radnitz, Sy Salkowitz, Winston Miller.
  Cast: Raymond Burr, Gerald S. O’Loughlin, Barbara Anderson, Don
  Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 16Nov70; LP40764.

  No game for amateurs. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
  John Flores; writers, Sy Salkowitz & Winston Miller. Cast: Raymond
  Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Martin Sheen. ©
  21Sep70; LP40756.

  Noel’s gonna fly. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director, Don
  Weis; writers, Sy Salkowitz, Winston Miller & Albert Aley. Cast:
  Raymond Burr, Richard Basehart, Barbara Anderson, Don Mitchell, Don
  Galloway. © 12Oct70; LP40759.

  The people against Judge McIntyre. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton;
  director, Abner Biberman; writers, Liam O’Brien, Mark Kedgers, Albert
  Day. Cast: Raymond Burr, James Daly, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway,
  Don Mitchell. © 5Oct70; LP40758.

  The quincunx. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Don Weis;
  writer, Max Hodge. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway,
  Don Mitchell, David Carradine. © 6Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40754.

  The riddle in room six. Credits: Director, John Florea; writers,
  Stephen J. Cannell & Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara
  Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell, Andrew Duggan. © 22Feb71;
  LP40774.

  The summer soldier. Credits: Director, Don Weis; writer, James Brewer.
  Cast: Raymond Burr, Theodore Bikel, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway,
  Don Mitchell. © 1Mar71; LP40775.

  The target. Credits: Director, Don Weis. Cast: Raymond Burr, Earl
  Holliman, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 27Jan71;
  LP40770.

  This could blow your mind. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller;
  director, James Neilson; writers, Stephen J. Cannell, Winston Miller,
  Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr, Bradford Dillman, George Grizzard. ©
  14Dec70; LP40767.

  Too many victims. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Corey
  Allen. Cast: Raymond Burr, Kathy Lloyd, Barbara Anderson, Don
  Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 2Nov70; LP40762.

  Walls are waiting. Credits: Writers, Sy Salkowitz & Winston Miller.
  Cast: Raymond Burr, William Shatner, Barbara Anderson, Don Galloway,
  Don Mitchell. © 12Apr71; LP40779.

IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Harbour-UTV.

  Check, mate: and murder, pt. 1. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin;
  director, David Lowell Rich. Cast: Raymond Burr, Karin Dor, Barbara
  Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 29Oct70; LP40761.

  Check, mate: and murder, pt. 2. Credits: Producer, Joel Rogosin;
  director, David Lowell Rich. Cast: Raymond Burr, Karin Dor, Barbara
  Anderson, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 5Nov70; LP40763.

IS IT SAFE? (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House.
48 fr., color, 35 mm. (Let the buyer beware, X–211–F) © Educational
Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13706.

IS THERE A DOCTOR IN THE HOUSE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 105.

IS THERE AN EXTRA JEANNIE IN THE HOUSE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 18.

ISAIAH, HERALD OF FAITH, PT. 1. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

ISLAM. See

  JUDAISM, ISLAM, HINDUISM, BUDDHISM.

ISOGRAMS. See

  WORKING WITH MAPS.

ISRAEL NOW. Columbia Pictures. Made by Anthony Gilkison Associates. 18
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Director & photographer, Arthur Wooster; writer, Anthony
  Gilkison; music, Edwin Astley; editor, Terence Twigg.

  © Anthony Gilkison Associates, Ltd.; 1Jan71 (in notice: 1969);
  MP22409.

ISRAELI INDEPENDENCE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8
mm. documents project, no. 378) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22260.

ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made
by Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X–209–A--X–209–F: It’s a free country. 52 fr.--Too much
  government? 49 fr.--The fine line. 46 fr.--The haves and have nots. 55
  fr.--Fairness and freedom. 48 fr.--Good enough, good enough? 36 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13703, 13732, 13728–13729,
  13712, 13701.

IT HAPPENS TO US. Anomaly Films. Distributed by New Day Films. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Amalie R. Rothschild.

  © Amalie R. Rothschild; 18Jan72; MP22878.

THE ITALIAN RENAISSANCE: ITS MIND AND ITS SOUL. Centron Educational
Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 31Dec71;
MP22291.

IT’S A FREE COUNTRY. See

  ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.

ITS CULTURE. See

  SEEING FRANCE.

  SEEING JAPAN.

IT’S FURY ALL THE WAY (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
55 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Dec71; JP13759.

ITS HISTORY. See

  SEEING JAPAN.

ITS PEOPLE. See

  SEEING FRANCE.

  SEEING JAPAN.

IT’S UP TO YOU (Filmstrip) Professional Education & Research. 59 fr.,
color, 35 mm. © Professional Education & Research, a division of Patrick
Productions, Inc.; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13796.

IVORY TOWER. Michael Jeck. 51 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. © Michael Jeck;
23Feb72; LU3625.


                                   J

J. W. COOP. Robertson & Associates & Columbia Pictures Industries. 113
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Cliff Robertson; writers, Cliff
  Robertson, Gary Cartwright & Edwin Shrake; music, Don Randi & Louie
  Shelton; director of photography, Frank Stanley; film editor, Alex
  Beaton.

  Cast: Cliff Robertson, Geraldine Page, Cristina Ferrare, R. G.
  Armstrong, R. L. Armstrong.

  © Robertson & Associates & Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Dec71;
  LP40480.

JACKSON POLLOCK (Filmstrip) Earl Rowland Foundation. 137 fr., color, 35
mm. © Earl Rowland Foundation; 13Dec71; JU12992.

JAMES DAUGHERTY. Weston Woods Studios. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, Cynthia Freitag.

  Appl. author: Morton Schindel.

  © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 1Mar72; LP40530.

JANE’S DOUBLE LIFE. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

JAPAN: OLD AND NEW (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X227–A--X227–H: Hiroshima, the rebuilding of Japan’s cities.
  41 fr.--Religion. 47 fr.--Daily life. 43 fr.--Economic life. 46
  fr.--Recreation. 41 fr.--Education. 43 fr.--Old Japan. 36 fr.--The
  countryside. 32 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Morris Gall.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP13908, 13931, 13856, 13948,
  13911, 13848, 13813, 13869.

JAPANESE FAIRY TALES (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. Based on the book of the same title.

  Contents: 925–1–-925–4: Urashima Taro. 40 fr.--The boy who drew cats.
  39 fr.--Chin-Chin Kobakama. 37 fr.--The mother in the mirror. 33 fr.

  Credits: Illustrator, Peggy Vawter.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 8Apr71 (in notices: 1970); JP13603, 13601,
  13604, 13602.

JEANNIE/JEANNIE’S.

  For titles beginning with Jeannie or Jeannie’s See I DREAM OF JEANNIE.

JEFE. See

  BONANZA.

JENNIFER ON MY MIND. Joseph M. Schenck Enterprises. Released by United
Artists Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel Heir, by
Roger L. Simon.

  Credits: Producer, Bernard Schwartz; director, Noel Black; screenplay,
  Erich Segal; music, Stephen J. Lawrence; cameraman, Andy Laszlo;
  editor, Jack Wheeler.

  Cast: Michael Brandon, Tippy Walker, Lou Gilbert, Steve Vinovich,
  Peter Bonerz.

  © Joseph M. Schenck Enterprises, Inc.; 29Sep71; LP40486.

JENNY. See

  THE MAN FROM SHILOH.

JEREMIAH, THE RELUCTANT PROPHET. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

JERUSALEM AND ITS CONTRIBUTIONS. Atlantis Productions. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Atlantis a.a.d.o. Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 15Jan70;
MP22492.

THE JERUSALEM FILE. Sparts Films. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 96
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Made in association with Leisure Media.

  Credits: Producer, Ram Ben Efraim; director, John Flynn; screenplay,
  Troy Kennedy Martin; music, John Scott; director of photography, Raoul
  Coutard; editor, Norman Wanstall.

  Cast: Bruce Davison, Nicol Williamson, Daria Halprin, Donald
  Pleasence, Ian Hendry.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec71; LP40528.

JESSE FROM MISSISSIPPI. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
10Nov71; MP22215.

JIMMY WHO. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

[JOB INTERVIEW] (Filmstrip) Metro American Productions. 5 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With Teacher’s manual, 4 l.

  Contents: What is a job? 25 fr.--Educational data. 23 fr.--Personal
  appearance. 28 fr.--Job interview. 23 fr.--Personnel director. 38 fr.

  © Metro American Productions; 15Jun71; A338794.

A JOB MODERN TECHNOLOGY CAN’T MAKE OBSOLETE--THE PRECINCT WORKER. Public
Affairs Dept., National Assn. of Manufacturers. 23 min., sd., color, 16
mm. A Parthenon picture. © National Assn. of Manufacturers; 23Dec71;
MP22227.

JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made by
Graphic Educational Systems. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With handbook,
1 v.

  Contents: Nurse’s aide. 37 fr.--Medical laboratory assistant. 32
  fr.--Optometric assistant. 27 fr.--Optical technician. 34 fr.--Dental
  assistant. 37 fr.--Dental laboratory technician. 38 fr.--Medical
  photographer. 35 fr.--Radiology technician. 32 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Miles H. Anderson.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 25May71;
  JP13627.

JOBS IN THE CITY: MANUFACTURING. Centron Educational Films. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 26Jan72; MP22305.

JOBS IN THE CITY: SERVICES. Centron Educational Films. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 26Jan72; MP22306.

JOBS IN THE CITY: WOMEN AT WORK. Centron Educational Films. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 7Feb72; MP22348.

JOHN BRODIE PROMISES. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

JOHNNY BENCH ALTERNATE. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

JOHNNY BENCH PROMISES. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

JOHNNY HAS ONE! (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. (Let the buyer beware, X–211–C) ©
Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13721.

JOHN’S TRAIN. Centron Educational Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Centron Corp., Inc.; 2Jun72; MP22849.

JONAH AND THE NINEVITES. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

JOSEPH MCCARTHY: ARMY HEARINGS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 385) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22263.

JOULE’S LAW. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

THE JOURNAL OF HENRY DAVID THOREAU: THE SEASONS (Filmstrip) Imperial
Film Co. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 956–1–-956–2: Thoreau’s spring. 64 fr.--Thoreau’s summer. 65
  fr.

  Credits: Editor & photographer, Dorothy Orians.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 4Apr72; JP14115–14116.

JOURNEY TO NOWHERE. See

  PARIS 7000.

JOURNEY TO THE AUCAS (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 36 fr., color, 35
mm. Appl. author: Cay Leary. © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13576.

JOY OF GROWING. See

  HEALTH: THE DIRT-WITCH CLEANS UP.

  HEALTH: EYE-CARE FANTASY.

  HEALTH: GERMS AND THE SPACE VISITORS.

  HEALTH: TOOTHACHE OF THE CLOWN.

  SAFETY: PLAYGROUND SPIRITS.

  SAFETY: THE HELPFUL BURGLARS.

  SAFETY: THE TRAFFIC JUNGLE.

THE JOY OF HEALING. Christian Science Board of Directors. 31 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 24Jan72; MU8421.

JUDAISM, ISLAM, HINDUISM, BUDDHISM (Filmstrip) Family Films. 4
filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Judaism. 23 fr.--Islam. 21 fr.--Hinduism. 20 fr.--Buddhism.
  25 fr.

  © Family Films, a division of Concordia Pub. House; 25Jan72; JP14098.

JUDGING BOOKS BY COVERS. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

JULES FEIFFER. ETS Program Service. Made by KRMA. 29 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 6Mar72; MU8412.

JUMP-UP. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

JUST LUCKY, I GUESS. See

  HAWAII FIVE-O.

JUST SIGN HERE. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.


                                   K

THE KALIMBA. Videorecord Corp. of America. 9 min., sd., color. Videotape
cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Edward L. Simmons; host & programmer, Paul Tracey.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22540.

THE KALIMBA: HARMONY. Videorecord Corp. of America. 11 min., sd., color.
Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Edward L. Simmons; host & programmer, Paul Tracey.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22550.

KEEPING FIT. See

  [PHYSICAL EDUCATION]

THE KILL AT KOORLEA RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

KILLER ON THE LOOSE. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

KILLING AT THE TRACK. See

  IRONSIDE.

KILLING TIME AND YOURSELF (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 51 fr., color, 35 mm. (Leisure time, X–216–B)

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13727.

KILLING WILL OCCUR. See

  IRONSIDE.

KINDERGARTEN, AN EXCITING DAY FOR A TEACHER’S AID (Filmstrip) Ted D.
Dawson. 82 fr., color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with Maxine
Kamonitsa. © Ted D. Dawson; 15Nov71; JP13777.

KINDNESS. See

  VALUES.

KINDS OF LEVERS. See

  INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES.

KINGDOM COME RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

KINGDOM OF FEAR. See

  BONANZA.

KINGDOM OF KITE. See

  BIG IS LOTS OF THINGS.

  HOW HOT IS A DRAGON.

  ONE, TWO, PLOP.

KINGS AND PROPHETS. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) Roa’s Films. 5 filmstrips, color,
35 mm.

  Contents: David, shepherd of Judah. 53 fr.--David, King of Israel. 53
  fr.--Solomon and the temple. 56 fr.--Elijah and the prophets of Baal.
  59 fr.--Amos, prophet of judgment. 53 fr.

  Credits: Director, Jack L. Tyler; script, Sister M. Johnice Cohan &
  Sister M. Elizabeth Fowkes; narrator, Michael Rye; artist, David
  Hanan; composer, Tommy Sheridan; conductor, Robert Mitchell.

  © Roa’s Films; 3Mar69; JP14055.

KINGS AND PROPHETS. Pt. 2 (Filmstrip) Roa’s Films. 5 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With 5 teacher’s guides.

  Contents: Episode 6–10: Hosea, prophet of love. 55 fr.--Isaiah, herald
  of faith, pt: 1. 34 fr.; 2. 25 fr.--Jonah and the Ninevites. 56
  fr.--Jeremiah, the reluctant prophet. 60 fr.--Ezekiel, prophet of
  hope. 54 fr.

  Credits: Research, script & teaching guides, Sister M. Johnice Cohan,
  I.H.M., & Sister M. Elizabeth Fowkes, I.H.M.; director, Jack L. Tyler;
  artist, David Hanan.

  © Roa’s Films; 4Apr70; JP14060.

KOREAN WAR: ARMISTICE NEGOTIATIONS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 383) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22262.

KOREAN WAR: U.S. COMBAT OPERATIONS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 382) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22431.

KREE FINDS THE WAY. Episode 1–20 (Filmstrip) Roa’s Films. 20 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With 20 teacher’s guides. Adaptation of Andrew Mathe’s
Yap.

  Credits: Research, script & teacher notes, Sister M. Elizabeth, I.H.M.
  & Sister M. Johnice, I.H.M.; consultant, Reverend Bernard Cooke;
  illustrations, Phillippe Joudiou.

  Appl. author: Reverend Andrew Mathe.

  © Roa’s Films; 1Feb65 (in notice: 1964); JP14059.

KU KLUX KLAN IN THE 1920’S. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 347) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22420.


                                   L

LA 2017. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

LABORATORY APPARATUS. See

  BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

LABORATORY BALANCE. See

  BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

LABORATORY TECHNIQUES, NO. 633. See

  BACTERIOLOGICAL TECHNIQUES.

LABYRINTH. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

LADY AT THE BAR. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

THE LADY IN THE BOTTLE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 1.

LAMB NAMED ANGEL. See

  TALES FOR YOUNG IMAGINATIONS.

LAME MAN WHO WALKED AGAIN. See

  LIFE IN GOD--START SMILING.

LAND AND CLIMATE. See

  SEEING JAPAN.

  SEEING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

LAND AND RESOURCES. See

  SEEING FRANCE.

LAND OF RESPLENDENT GLORY (Filmstrip) National Spiritual Assembly of the
Baha’is of the United States. 3 filmstrips, b&w, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–3: The Bab. 116 fr.--Letters of the living. 46
  fr.--Baha’u’llah. 99 fr.

  Appl. author: Guy Murchie.

  © National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United States;
  8Nov71; JP13616–13618.

LAND OF THE BRAVE. Franciscan Communications Center. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Franciscan Communications Center; 15Sep70; MP22518.

LAND OF THE FRIENDLY ANIMALS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 4May72; MP22865.

LANGUAGE STRUCTURES, Edutronics Systems International. 6 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
15Jun71; MP22570.

LASER. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced
in collaboration with Bell Telephone Laboratories. Appl. ti.: Lasar. NM:
compilation authorship. © Thorne Films. Inc.; 1Dec70 (in notice: 1971);
MP22287.

LASSIE. Wrather Corp. Approx. 25 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. © Wrather
Corp.

  Burst of freedom. © 6Oct68; LP40432.

  Race for life. © 29Sep68; LP40431.

THE LAST HARBOR RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

THE LAST LAUREL. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

LAST OF THE COMANCHEROS. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

THE LAST OF THE RED HOT LOVERS. Paramount Pictures Corp. 98 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Adapted from Neil Simon’s Broadway play.

  Credits: Producer, Howard W. Koch; director, Gene Saks; screenplay,
  Neil Simon; music, Neal Hefti; director of photography, Victor J.
  Kemper; film editor, Maury Winetrobe.

  Cast: Alan Arkin, Sally Kellerman, Paula Prentiss, Renee Taylor, Bella
  Bruck.

  © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 22Feb72; LP40884.

THE LAST OF THE WILD MUSTANGS. Philip Morris, Inc. Made by FilmFair.
Released by United Artists Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Philip
Morris, Inc.; 9Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP40820.

THE LAST TRIBES OF MINDANAO. National Geographic Society. Made by Wolper
Productions. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society;
10Dec71; MP22221.

THE LAST VIKINGS. National Geographic Society & Wolper Productions. 51
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, George A. Vicas; narrator,
  Leslie Nielsen; music, Ernest Gold; photographer, Andre Gunn; editors,
  Georges Klotz & Hyman Kaufman.

  © National Geographic Society; 24Mar72; MP22538.

LAWS OF SCIENCE (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 10 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X200–A--X200–J: Boyle’s law. 54 fr.--Charles’ law. 48
  fr.--Definite composition. 48 fr.--Conservation of matter. 47
  fr.--Inverse square law. 51 fr.--Newton’s second law of motion. 58
  fr.--Newton’s third law of motion. 48 fr.--Ohm’s law. 55 fr.--Joule’s
  law. 54 fr.--Reflection. 50 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Bertram M. Siegel.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13817, 13828, 13816, 13891,
  13833, 13865, 13873, 13936, 13895, 13904.

LAWYERS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

LAYING CONCRETE BLOCK. Marshall Maintenance. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Marshall Maintenance; 17Dec71; MP22290.

LAYING ON OF HANDS. See

  IRONSIDE.

LEADERSHIP TRAINING FILM FOR FREEMASONRY. See

  GROWING THE LEADER.

LEADERSHIP TRAINING SERIES. See

  BREAKING THE BARRIERS TO COMMUNICATION.

LEARNING. CRM Productions. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Psychology today
films) NM: compilation & additions. © Communications/Research/Machines,
Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22370.

LEARNING FROM MAPS & GLOBES. See

  [MAP READING]

LEARNING SPANISH THE MODERN WAY. See

  ESPANOL: A SENTIRLO.

LEARNING TO LIVE TOGETHER. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

LEGACIES OF THE ICE AGE. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University. 12
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 27Oct71; MP22132.

THE LEGACY OF SPENCER FLATS. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

[LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Lehn & Fink Products,
division of Sterling Drug. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., color. © Lehn &
Fink Products, division of Sterling Drug, Inc.

  Family. © 9Feb72; MU8406.

  Locked in odors. © 9Feb72; MU8408.

  Remember this. © 9Feb72; MU8405.

  Smoke. Rev. © 9Feb72; MU8407.

LEISURE TIME. See

  FREE TIME IS NOT SO FREE.

  HAVE YOU TRIED.

  KILLING TIME AND YOURSELF.

  TIME TO BE YOURSELF.

LENGTH. See

  MEASURING.

LENIN. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents
project, no. 342) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15Oct71; MP22848.

LESSON IN TERROR. See

  IRONSIDE.

LET THE BUYER BEWARE. See

  CAN YOU BELIEVE ADVERTISING.

  EVERYTHING IS NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE.

  IS IT SAFE.

  JOHNNY HAS ONE.

  MEASURES, VALUES AND BARGAINS.

  USE, QUALITY AND SERVICE.

LET THE DIER BEWARE. See

  MEN AT LAW.

LET’S LOOK AT ART. See

  [ART]

LET’S MAKE MUSIC. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.

LETTERS OF THE LIVING. See

  LAND OF RESPLENDENT GLORY.

[LEVEL 2 PROGRAM: GROUP 1] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 16
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Dec69;
JP13619.

[LEVEL 2 PROGRAM: GROUP 2] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 68
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1May70;
JP13624.

[LEVEL 2 PROGRAM: GROUP 3] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 16
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Jun71;
JP13620.

LEXINGTON, KENTUCKY. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 26.

THE LIFE FOR A LIFE RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

LIFE IN CHINA. See

  AGRICULTURAL WORKER IN THE COMMUNE.

LIFE IN GOD--START SMILING! (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 3
filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 35 mm. Art & narration adapted from Arch
books.

  Contents: The boy who ran away. 39 fr.--The lame man who walked again.
  16 fr.--The great surprise. 15 fr.

  Appl. author: Betty Wind. NM: compilation.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71: JP13574.

THE LIFE OF TEMPORARY POOLS. No. 648. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producer & photographer, Bruce J. Russell.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22666.

LIFE ON THE LAND. International Communication Films. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (China) Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc. © International Communication Films, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 15Dec69; MP22616.

LIFE TAKES LIVING. See

  DRUGS IN TODAY’S WORLD.

LIGHT AND SHADE IN ART. See

  [ART]

THE LIGHTHOUSE RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

LINDBERGH’S TRANSATLANTIC FLIGHT. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super
8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 362) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15Oct71; MP22830.

LINEAR MEASUREMENT. See

  BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

LIONEL MOVES INTO THE NEIGHBORHOOD. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

LIQUIFIED PETROLEUM GAS FIRES. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8436.

LISTEN. FilmFair Communications. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair,
Inc.; 30Apr72; MP22729.

LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION (Filmstrip) Pied Piper. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Haiku. 64 fr.--Humorous verse. 62 fr.--Sounds of poetry. 52
  fr.--Descriptive words and figures of speech. 52 fr.

  Appl. author: Robert H. Waterman. © Pied Piper; 10Feb72; JP13754.

LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION (Filmstrip) Pied Piper. 8
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. A Waterman production.

  Contents: Story of a book. 67 fr.--Fantasy. 58 fr.--Tall tales. 56
  fr.--Biography. 58 fr.--Humor. 55 fr.--Distant lands. 55 fr.--Fairy
  tales. 59 fr.--Animals. 67 fr.

  Appl. author: Robert H. Waterman.

  Appl. states copyright not claimed on photographic material from
  books.

  NM: compilation of approx. 400 photos.

  © Pied Piper; 26Dec70; JP13780.

THE LITTLE ARK. Robert B. Radnitz Productions. Released by Cinema Center
Films. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the Jan de
Hartog novel.

  Credits: Producer, Robert B. Radnitz; director, James B. Clark;
  screenplay, Joanna Crawford; music, Fred Karlin; directors of
  photography, Austin Dempster & Denys Coop; film editor, Fred A.
  Chulack.

  Cast: Theodore Bikel, Philip Frame, Genevieve Ambas, Max Croiset,
  Johan de Slaa.

  © Cinema Center Films; 3Dec71; LP40886.

LITTLE BEAR DIED RUNNING. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

LITTLE BLACK BAG. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

LIVIN’ ON THE MUD. King Screen Productions. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© King Broadcasting Co.; 23May72; MP22855.

LIVING FREE. Open Road Films. [England] Released in the U.S. by Columbia
Pictures Industries. 92 min., sd., color, 16 mm. An Open Road--Highroad
presentation. Based on the book by Joy Adamson.

  Credits: Producer, Paul Radin; director, Jack Couffer; screenplay,
  Millard Kaufman; music composer & conductor, Sol Kaplan; director of
  photography, Wolfgang Suchitsky; editor, Don Deacon.

  Cast: Nigel Davenport, Susan Hampshire, Geoffrey Keen, Edward Judd,
  Peter Lukoye.

  © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 4Jan71 (in notice: 1972);
  LP40478. (See also Living free; 4Jan72; LP40746)

LIVING FREE. Open Road Films [England] Released in the U.S. by Columbia
Pictures Industries. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An Open Road--Highroad
presentation. Based on the book by Joy Adamson.

  Credits: Producer, Paul Radin; director, Jack Couffer; screenplay,
  Millard Kaufman; music composer & conductor, Sol Kaplan; director of
  photography, Wolfgang Suschitsky; editor, Don Deacon.

  Cast: Nigel Davenport, Susan Hampshire, Geoffrey Keen, Edward Judd,
  Peter Lukoye.

  © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 4Jan72; LP40746. (See also
  Living free; 4Jan71 (in notice: 1972); LP40478.

LIVING TOGETHER. See

  MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.

LIVING WITH OTHERS. See

  MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.

LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Heathertel Enterprises. Distributed by CPM
Programs. Approx. 23 min. each, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Produced
in association with U.S. Coast Guard & U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary. ©
Heathertel Enterprises, Inc.

  Show no.

  1. Now and then. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson; director, James
  A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick; music, Robert
  Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast: Lloyd Bridges &
  Beau Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22836.

  2. Big fish, little fish and personnel problems. Credits: Producer,
  Lawrence Jacobson; director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman &
  Dick Kirkpatrick; music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor
  Valenzio. Cast: Lloyd Bridges & Dorothy Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22837.

  3. The rage to win. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson; director,
  James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick; music,
  Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast: Lloyd
  Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22838.

  4. The river and the ocean. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson;
  director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick;
  music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast:
  Lloyd Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22839.

  5. Under and over the water. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson;
  director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick;
  music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast:
  Lloyd Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP28840.

  6. Dreamboat time. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson; director,
  James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick; music,
  Robert Allan; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast: Lloyd
  Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22841.

  7. Catching and running. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson;
  director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick;
  music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast:
  Lloyd Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22842.

  8. History and treasure, fog and fire. Credits: Producer, Lawrence
  Jacobson; director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick
  Kirkpatrick; music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor
  Valenzio. Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Beau Bridges, Jeff Bridges. © 29Jan72;
  MP22843.

  9. Old and new, fast and slow. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson;
  director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick;
  music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast:
  Lloyd Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22844.

  10. All those helpers out there. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson;
  director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick;
  music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. Cast:
  Lloyd Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22845.

  11. Bilge rats to bilge examiners. Credits: Producer, Lawrence
  Jacobson; director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick
  Kirkpatrick; music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor
  Valenzio. Cast: Lloyd Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22846.

  12. Two different sides of boating. Credits: Producer, Lawrence
  Jacobson; director, James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick
  Kirkpatrick; music, Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor
  Valenzio. Cast: Lloyd Bridges. © 29Jan72; MP22847.

LOAD OF DIFFERENCE (1972 Dodge and Chevrolet light duty trucks)
(Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 60
fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Dec71; JP13762.

LOADING FILM WINDERS. Audiovisual Service, Arizona State University. 3
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Photography darkroom series) Appl.
author: Joel A. Benedict. © Audiovisual Services (in notice: Audiovisual
Service); 15Dec71; MP22656.

LOADING STAINLESS STEEL REELS. Audiovisual Service, Arizona State
University. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Photography darkroom
series) Appl. author: Joel A. Benedict. © Audiovisual Services (in
notice: Audiovisual Service); 15Dec71; MP22657.

LOADING TERMINAL FIRES. Teaching Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8439.

LOADING 35MM FILM MAGAZINES. Audiovisual Service, Arizona State
University. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Photography darkroom
series) Appl. author: Joel A. Benedict. © Audiovisual Services (in
notice: Audiovisual Service); 15Dec71; MP22658.

LOCKED IN ODORS. See

  [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

LOLLIPOP DRAGON HELPS SANTA. See

  HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

LOLLIPOP DRAGON’S FIRST HALLOWEEN. See

  HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

LOLLIPOP DRAGON’S VALENTINE PARTY. See

  HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

LONE SURVIVOR. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

LONELINESS RACKET. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THE LONELY PROFESSION. Universal-Public Arts Productions. [Canada]
Released by Universal Pictures. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Ina Balin, Harry Guardino, Fernando Lamas, Joseph Cotten,
  Barbara McNair.

  © Universal-Public Arts Productions; 18Oct69; LP40487.

LONELY WAY TO GO. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE LONGER TRAIL. See

  THE PSYCHIATRIST.

LOOK AT BORROWING. See

  PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: A LOOK AT BORROWING.

LOOK AT BUDGETING. See

  PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: A LOOK AT BUDGETING.

LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 16.

THE LOST SHEEP. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 32.

LOVE CHILD. See

  BONANZA.

LOVE, PEACE, BROTHERHOOD AND MURDER. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE LOVE THINE ENEMY RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

A LOVE TO REMEMBER. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

THE LOVE VINE. Dade County School Board. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Dade County School Board; 26Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22382.

LOX, STOCK AND BAGEL. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION]

LUCK OF PEPPER SHANNON. See

  BONANZA.

LUMBAR PUNCTURE. American College of Physicians. Made by Medex
International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Medical skills library)
Loop film.

  Credits: Executive producer & editor, Bernard V. Dryer; director &
  cinematographer, Sy Wexler; medical artist, Gerald Nevius.

  © American College of Physicians; 16Apr72; MP22824.

LUNAR GEOLOGY. See

  APOLLO X.


                                   M

MACBETH. Playboy Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures Industries.
140 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Todd-AO 35.

  Credits: Producer, Andrew Braunsberg; director, Roman Polanski;
  screenplay, Roman Polanski & Kenneth Tynan; music, The Third Ear Band;
  director of photography, Gil Taylor; editor, Alastair McIntyre.

  Cast: Jon Finch, Francesca Annis, Martin Shaw, John Stride, Nicholas
  Selby.

  © Playboy Productions & Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 19Dec71;
  LP40479.

MCCLOUD. Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Dennis Weaver, Shelly Novack, Mark Richman, Diana Muldaur, Terry
  Carter.

  Appl. ti.: McCloud: who killed Miss U.S.A.?

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Feb70; LP40580.

MCCLOUD. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min.
each, sd., color, 35 mm. (Four-in-one) Produced with NBC-TV Network. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.

  The concrete corral. Credits: Producer, Glen Larson; director,
  Nicholas Colasanto; writers, Warren Douglas & David P. Harmon. Cast:
  Dennis Weaver, J. D. Cannon, Terry Carter, Burr DeBenning, James
  Wainwright. © 30Sep70; LP40832.

  Horse stealing on Fifth Avenue. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen A.
  Larson; director, Bruce Kessler. Cast: Dennis Weaver, J. D. Cannon,
  Terry Carter, Diana Muldaur, Leo Gordon. © 23Sep70; LP40831.

  Our man in Paris. Credits: Producer, Glen Larson; director, Russ
  Mayberry; writer, Leslie Stevens. Cast: Dennis Weaver, J. D. Cannon,
  Terry Carter, Susan Strasberg, Alfred Ryder. © 21Oct70; LP40835.

  The stage is all the world. Credits: Producer, Glen Larson; director,
  Russell Mayberry; writer, Norman Hudis. Cast: Dennis Weaver, Richard
  Dawson, Christina Sinatra, J. D. Cannon, Terry Carter. © 7Oct70;
  LP40833.

  Walk in the dark. Credits: Writer, Leslie Stevens. Cast: Dennis
  Weaver, J. D. Cannon, Terry Carter, Susan Saint James, Ann Prentiss. ©
  14Oct70; LP40834.

  Who says you can’t make friends in New York City. Credits: Producer,
  Glen Larson; director & writer, Douglas Heyes. Cast: Dennis Weaver, J.
  D. Cannon, Terry Carter, Diana Muldaur, Marj Dusay. © 16Sep70;
  LP40830.

MACRAME (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt.: 1. 47 fr.-–2. 45 fr.-–3. 45 fr.-–4. 47 fr.

  Appl. author: Gene S. Geeslin.

  © Visual Aids Studio, sole owner Gene S. Geeslin; 3Jan72; JP13584.

THE MAD BAKER. Maxwell, Petok, Petrovich Productions. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Maxwell, Petok, Petrovich Productions; 22Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP40404.

THE MADWOMAN OF CHAILLOT. Commonwealth United Corp. Released by Warner
Bros.-Seven Arts. 145 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon a play written
by Jean Giraudoux; adapted by Maurice Valency.

  Cast: Katharine Hepburn, Yul Brynner, Charles Boyer, Richard
  Chamberlin, Nanette Newman.

  © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 13Oct69; LP40895.

MAGIC WORDS. King Screen Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. An
Ergo/Pooka film production. © King Broadcasting Co.; 23May72 (in notice:
1971); MP22851.

MAINTAINING INSTRUMENTS OF THE VIOLIN FAMILY (Filmstrip) Imperial Film
Co. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. (Maintaining your musical instrument, 350–1)

  Credits: Author-photographer, William Zajkowski.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 31Mar71; JP13600.

MAINTAINING THE BOWS OF THE VIOLIN FAMILY (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co.
68 fr., color, 35 mm. (Maintaining your musical instrument, 350–2)

  Credits: Author-photographer, William Zajkowski.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 31Mar71; JP13599.

MAINTENANCE. See

  VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

MAKE A GOOD LAST IMPRESSION (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler
Corp.; 22Dec71; JP13763.

MAKE A WISH. American Broadcasting Companies. Distributed by ABC Films.
Approx. 23 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting
Companies, Inc.

  Show no.

  1. © 20Aug71; MP22447.

  2. © 9Sep71; MP22448.

  3. © 9Sep71; MP22449.

  4. © 23Sep71; MP22450.

  5. © 24Sep71; MP22451.

  6. © 7Oct71; MP22452.

  7. © 13Oct71; MP22453.

  8. © 21Oct71; MP22454.

  9. © 27Oct71; MP22455.

  10. © 3Nov71; MP22456.

  11. © 11Nov71; MP22457.

  12. © 17Nov71; MP22458.

  13. © 24Nov71; MP22459.

  14. © 2Dec71; MP22460.

  15. © 8Dec71; MP22461.

  16. © 16Dec71; MP22462.

MAKE ME LAUGH. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

MAKING A CONTACT SHEET (Filmstrip) Audiovisual Services, Arizona State
University. 80 fr., color, 35 mm. (Photography darkroom series)

  Credits: Director, Joel A. Benedict.

  © Audiovisual Services, Arizona State University; 15Dec71; JP13597.

MAKING A GRAPH. See

  MEASURING.

MAKING AN OCCUPIED BED. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 5.

MAKING AN UNOCCUPIED BED. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 3.

MAKING DECISIONS. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

MAKING ENDS MEET. See

  CONSUMER STUDIES.

MAKING HAIKU. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Larry Klingman.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 23Feb72; MP22675.

MAKING HUMAN RESOURCES PRODUCTIVE. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by
BNA Films. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman effective
organization film series) © B.N.A., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22314.

MAKING IT IN THE WORLD OF WORK. FilmFair Communications. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 30Apr72; MP22703.

MAKING RULES AND PLANS. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

MAKING TELEPHONE APPOINTMENTS. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

MAMMALS. See

  INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES.

MAN: A CROSS-CULTURAL APPROACH (Filmstrip) Educational Resources. 16
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Credits: By Herbert & Judith Klinger.

  © Educational Resources, Inc.; 1Feb70 (in notice: 1969); JP13598.

MAN AND HIS ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Consumers Power Co. 2 filmstrips
(pt. 1, 109 fr.; pt. 2, 98 fr.), color, 35 mm. © Consumers Power Co.;
9Nov71; JP13663.

MAN AND THE EARTH. See

  EDEN IN PERIL.

MAN AND THE PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT. See

  REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.

MAN IN A CAGE. See

  BEARCATS.

MAN IN HIS ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2 (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 652–1–-652–2: Village life on a Pacific atoll, pt. 1. 56
  fr.--Village life on a Pacific atoll, pt. 2. 51 fr.

  Credits: Photographer, Robert W. Stack.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Feb72; JP14122–14121.

MAN IN THE STREET. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

A MAN NAMED LOMBARDI. Simon & Flynn. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. NM:
compilation & additions. © Simon & Flynn, Inc.; 17Jan71; LP40880.

THE MAN OF THE HOUSE. Videorecord Corp. of America. 6 min., sd., color.
Videotape cassette (3/4 in.) Visuals adapted from illus. by Peter Landa.

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; writer, Joan Fassler; narrator, Myra
  Brent.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22691.

MAN OF THE SERENGETI. National Geographic Society & Wolper Productions.
51 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jack Kaufman; narrator, Leslie Nielsen.

  © National Geographic Society; 17Feb72; MP22436.

MAN ON A STRING. Douglas S. Cramer Co. Released by Screen Gems. 90 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Douglas S. Cramer; director, Joseph Sargent;
  writer, Ben Maddow; director of photography, Ed Rosson; film editor,
  Asa Clark.

  Cast: Christopher George, William Schallert, Kitty Winn, Paul Hampton,
  Jack Warden.

  © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
  18Feb72; LP40829.

MAN ON THE INSIDE. See

  IRONSIDE.

MAN WHO KILLED A GHOST. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

THE MAN WHO MADE TREES BLOSSOM. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

MAN WITH TWO WIVES. See

  THE UNBENDING KING & THE MAN WITH TWO WIVES.

MANAGEMENT BY PARTICIPATION. Bureau Of National Affairs. Made by BNA
Films. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman effective organization
film series) © B.N.A., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22312.

MANAGEMENT OF THE DRUG DEPENDENT PERSON: HEROIN. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 91.

MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X203–A--X203–L: Learning to live together. 47 fr.--The new
  home. 44 fr.--The budget--today and tomorrow. 43 fr.--Cash and credit.
  51 fr.--How to shop. 44 fr.--Just sign here. 39 fr.--As the family
  grows. 41 fr.--The family and its legal rights. 50 fr.--The family and
  its legal responsibilities. 45 fr.--Protecting what the family has. 58
  fr.--The family and community. 43 fr.--Help! This is an emergency. 59
  fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP13924, 13890, 13879, 13940,
  13922, 13897, 13944, 13864, 13901, 13915, 13882, 13920.

MANICURING. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 771) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22724.

MAN’S CASTLE. See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

MANSION FOR SALE. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

[MAP READING] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: SS–820–-SS–825: Reading a road map. 44 fr.--Learning from
  maps & globes. 44 fr.--Using an atlas. 42 fr.--Weather maps. 46
  fr.--Special maps I. 41 fr.--Special maps II. 44 fr.

  © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Jun71; JP13622.

MAP SKILLS: UNDERSTANDING LATITUDE. Coronet Instructional Films. 12
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, L. Lloyd Haring.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Dec71;
  MP22375.

MAP SKILLS: UNDERSTANDING LONGITUDE. Coronet Instructional Films. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, L. Lloyd Haring.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Dec71;
  MP22376.

MAP SKILLS: USING SCALE. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, L. Lloyd Haring.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Dec71;
  MP22377.

MARATHON. See

  MEN AT LAW.

MARCUS WELBY, M.D. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by
MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.

  All the golden dandelions are gone. Credits: Director, Leo Penn;
  writer, Max Hodge. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo,
  Richard Thomas, Belinda Montgomery. © 13Dec70; LP40942.

  Another buckle for Wesley Hill. Credits: Director & writer, Robert
  Collins. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Glenn
  Corbett, Chill Wills. © 3Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40921.

  Aura to a new tomorrow. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc; writers,
  John Considine & Jeanne A. Taylor. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin,
  Elena Verdugo, John Considine. © 22Dec70; LP40944.

  Brave on a mountaintop. Credits: Director, Chris Christenberry;
  writer, Jerome Ross. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo,
  James Farentino. © 20Dec70; LP40943.

  The contract. Credits: Director, Chris Christenberry; teleplay,
  Margaret & Paul Schneider. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena
  Verdugo, Geraldine Brooks, Pat Harrington. © 14Mar71; LP40929.

  Cynthia. Credits: Director, Herschel Daugherty; teleplay, David
  Moessinger. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Diana
  Hyland, William Lundigan. © 21Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40924.

  Daisy in the shadows. Credits: Writers, Paul & Margaret Schneider.
  Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Suzanne Pleshette, David Hartman. ©
  25Oct70; LP40937.

  Don’t kid a kidder. Credits: Director, Daniel Petrie; teleplay, Adrian
  Spies. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Kay Medford,
  Robert Pratt. © 28Feb71; LP40927.

  Elegy for a mad dog. Credits: Director, Russ Mayberry; teleplay, Ken
  Trevey. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Christina
  Crawford, Brad David. © 7Mar71; LP40928.

  Epidemic. Credits: Director, Daniel Petrie; writer, Jerome Ross. Cast:
  Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Michele Lee, Hope Summers.
  © 11Oct70; LP40935.

  False spring. Credits: Director, Russ Mayberry; teleplay, Joseph
  Stefano. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Dana Wynter,
  Robert Lansing. © 17Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40922.

  The girl from Rainbow Beach. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin. ©
  15Nov70; LP40939.

  The house of Alquist. Credits: Director, Robert Collins; teleplay, Ian
  Chevron & David Moessinger. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena
  Verdugo, Alexander Scourby, Jessica Walter. © 28Mar71; LP40931.

  Labyrinth. Credits: Director, Josef Leytes; writers, Paul & Margaret
  Schneider. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Ricardo
  Montalban, Jan Shepard. © 8Nov70: LP40938.

  A passing of torches. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc; story, Ken
  Trevey & Martin Donaldson; teleplay, Ken Trevey. Cast: Robert Young,
  James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Walter Pidgeon, Pete Duel. © 24Jan71 (in
  notice: 1970); LP40923.

  Sounding brass. Credits: Director, Marc Daniels; writer, John Vlahos.
  Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Michael Larrain,
  Pamela McMyler. © 29Nov70; LP40940.

  A Spanish saying I made. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc; teleplay,
  Theodore Apstein. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo,
  Joseph Campanella, Richard Yniguez. © 14Feb71; LP40926.

  To carry the sun in a golden cup. Credits: Director, Philip Leacock;
  writer, Don Ingalls. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo,
  Jo Ann Pflug, Mariette Hartley. © 6Dec70; LP40941.

  To get through the night. Cast: Larry Hagman & Barbara Anderson. ©
  18Oct7O; LP40936.

  A very special sailfish. Credits: Producer, David J. O’Connell;
  director, Leo Penn; writer, Jerry McNeely. Cast: Robert Young, James
  Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Lee Purcell, Cloris Leachman. © 20Sep70;
  LP40932.

  Warn the world about Mike. Credits: Director, Herschel Daugherty;
  writer, Jerry McNeely. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena
  Verdugo, Barry Brown, Rhoda Williams. © 4Oct70; LP40934.

  The windfall. Credits: Director, Herschel Daugherty; teleplay,
  Margaret & Paul Schneider. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena
  Verdugo, Laurie Prange, Alexis Smith. © 21Mar71; LP40930.

  A woman’s place. Credits: Director, Leo Penn; teleplay, Charles A.
  McDaniel. Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Rachel
  Roberts. © 31Jan71; LP40925.

  The worth of a man. Credits: Director, Leo Penn; writer, Don Ingalls.
  Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Elena Verdugo, Gary Merrill, Beth
  Brickell. © 27Sep70; LP40933.

MARCUS WELBY, M.D. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Music, Leonard Rosenman; director of photography, Russell L.
  Metty; film editor, Gene Palmer.

  Cast: Robert Young, James Brolin, Anne Baxter, Susan Strasberg, Lew
  Ayres.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Mar69; LP40824.

MARINE VEGETATION, PT. 1. See

  THE UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2.

MARINE VEGETATION, PT. 2. See

  THE UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2.

MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House.
Made by Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X204–A--X204–F: Marriage: Why? Whom? When? How? 51
  fr.--Living with others. 47 fr.--Living together. 52 fr.--Budgets and
  reality. 49 fr.--Children and reality. 55 fr.--Success and divorce. 47
  fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13907, 13949, 13883, 13928,
  13827, 13933.

THE MARRIAGE OF A YOUNG STOCKBROKER. Lawrence Turman Films. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
the novel by Charles Webb.

  Credits: Producer & director, Lawrence Turman; screenplay, Lorenzo
  Semple, Jr.; music, Fred Karlin, director of photography, Laszlo
  Kovacs; film editor & associate producer, Fredric Steinkamp.

  Cast: Richard Benjamin, Joanna Shimkus, Elizabeth Ashley, Adam West,
  Patricia Barry.

  © Lawrence Turman Films, Inc. & Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.;
  19Aug71; LP40483.

MARRIAGE: WHY? WHOM? WHEN? HOW? See

  MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.

MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
10Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22337.

MARYLAND, ITS HISTORY AND GEOGRAPHY (Filmstrip) Joseph Mealey &
Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 2 records & 4 teachers’
guides.

  Contents: Maryland during the Civil War. 67 fr.--Maryland state and
  local government. 82 fr.--The Chesapeake at bay, an ecological study.
  (Pt. 1, 68 fr.; pt. 2, 70 fr.)

  © Joseph Mealy & Associates, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP14081.

MASS AND VOLUME RELATIONSHIPS. See

  INVESTIGATING RELATIONSHIPS IN MATTER.

MASTER TECHNICIANS SERVICE CONFERENCE. See

  DISC BRAKE SERVICE ROUNDUP.

  1972 SEAT BELT WARNING SYSTEM.

  ROADABILITY AND HANDLING.

  SOLD ON SAFETY.

MASTERS/SLAVES: THE MEANING OF POWER. Educational Media Corp. 32 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Don Sorenson; 1Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22405.

MATCHING TRIANGLES (Filmstrip) Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 41 fr.,
color, 35 mm. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69; A196078.

MATHEMATICS AND STARVATION. See

  EDEN IN PERIL.

MATTER OF FAITH. See

  BONANZA.

MATTER OF PRIORITIES. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

MAUDE. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

MAYAS. See

  CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA.

MAYFLOWERS. Gary Anderson. 29 min., sd.

  Credits: Script, Gail Kelley; music, The Spectras; filmed & edited by
  Gary Anderson.

  © Gary Anderson; 30May72; MU8449.

ME, YOU AND US. See

  MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.

MEANINGS AND STUFF. See

  WHAT IS COMMUNICATION.

MEASURES, VALUES AND BARGAINS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
Eye Gate House. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. (Let the buyer beware, X–211–D) ©
Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13870.

MEASURING (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University Films. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. (Science processes series, set 2)

  Contents: Length. 41 fr.--Volume. 43 fr.--Weight. 42 fr.--Temperature.
  43 fr.--Making a graph. 45 fr.--Ordering events by time. 42 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Jack Phillips; writer/producer, Claire Trazenfeld.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 3Jan72 (in notices: 1971); JP13744–13749.

MEASURING VOLUME. See

  BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

MEASURING VOLUME OF A GAS. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.;
11Nov71; MP22503.

MECHANICAL BOY. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

MEDFORD, OREGON. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 50.

MEDICAL ASEPSIS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 1.

MEDICAL LABORATORY ASSISTANT. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

MEDICAL PHOTOGRAPHER. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

MEDICAL SKILLS LIBRARY. See

  ARTERIAL PUNCTURE.

  CENTRAL VENOUS PRESSURE MEASUREMENT.

  LUMBAR PUNCTURE.

MEDIEVAL ART FROM PRIVATE COLLECTIONS (Filmstrip) Earl Rowland
Foundation. 159 fr., color, 35 mm. © Earl Rowland Foundation; 17May72;
JU13079.

MEDIUM SPEED HEAD-ON CRASH TESTS. Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety. 18 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety; 16Nov71; MP22122.

MEET MY MASTER’S MOTHER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 70.

MEET THE BUNKERS. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

MEETING OUR NEEDS. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

A MEETING WITH THE SEA. McGraw-Hill Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 18Apr72 (in
notice: 1968); MP22636.

MELODY IN MUSIC. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.

MEMORANDUM FOR A SPY. Pt. 1. Hovue Productions. 53 min., sd., color, 35
mm.

  Credits: Producer, Dick Berg; director, Stuart Rosenberg; writer,
  Robert L. Joseph.

  Cast: Robert Stack, Felecia Farr.

  © Hovue Productions; 2Apr65; LP40920.

MEMORANDUM FOR A SPY. Pt. 2. Hovue Productions. 53 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer, Dick Berg; director, Stuart Rosenberg; writer,
  Robert L. Joseph.

  Cast: Robert Stack, Felecia Farr.

  © Hovue Productions; 2Apr65; LP40919.

MEMORIAL DAY. See

  HOLIDAYS.

MEMORIAL DAY MASSACRE. See

  REPUBLIC STEEL STRIKE POLICE RIOT (MEMORIAL DAY MASSACRE)

MEN AT LAW. Leonard Freeman Enterprises. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in association with National General Corp. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  The climate of justice. Telecast: Feb. 3, 1971. Credits: Producer,
  Harold Gast; director, Charles Dubin, writers, Bill Stratton & Stanley
  Roberts. Cast: Robert Foxworth, Gerald S. O’Loughlin, Sheila Larken,
  David Arkin, Rick Kelman. © 28Jan71; LP40370.

  The dark world of Harry Anders. Credits: Teleplay, Robert & Phyllis
  White & Stephen Kandel; story by Robert & Phyllis White. © 10Feb71;
  LP40356.

  The hostage. Credits: By Harold Gast. © 17Feb71; LP40357.

  Let the dier beware. Credits: By Alvin Sapinsley. © 10Mar71; LP40419.

  Marathon. © 3Feb71; LP40864.

  One American. Credits: Writer, Stephen Kandel. © 7Apr71; LP40423.

  This money kills dreams. Telecast: Apr. 7, 1971. Credits: Producer,
  Harold Gast; director, Charles S. Dubin; writer, George Bellak. Cast:
  Robert Foxworth, Sheila Larken, David Arkin, Gerald S. O’Loughlin,
  Fritz Weaver. © 31Mar71; LP40422.

  The truth, the whole truth, and anything else that works. Credits:
  Writer, E. Arthur Kean. © 24Feb71; LP40418.

  The view from the top. Telecast: Mar. 24, 1971. Credits: Producer,
  Harold Gast; director, Leo Penn; writer, John W. Bloch. Cast: Robert
  Foxworth, Sheila Larken, David Arkin, Gerald S. O’Loughlin, Steve
  Forrest. © 17Mar71; LP40420.

  Yesterday is but a dream. Telecast: Mar. 31, 1971. Credits: Producer,
  Harold Gast; director, Jerry Thorpe; writer, Tony Lawrence. Cast:
  Robert Foxworth, Gerald O’Loughlin, Lee Grant, John Vernon, Ivor
  Francis. © 24Mar71; LP40421.

THE MEN FROM SHILOH. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
Approx. 80 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.

  The Angus killer. Credits: Producer, John Choy; director, Jeff Hayden;
  writers, Edward DeBlasio & Robert Van Scoyk. Cast: Van Johnson, Dina
  Merrill, Ruth Roman, Chill Wills, James Drury. © 10Feb71; LP40491.

  The animal. Credits: Producer, John Choy; director, Don McDougall;
  writer, James Nenzies. Cast: Rudy Ramos, Lee Majors, Chuck Connors,
  Katherine Crawford, Andy Devine. © 20Jan71; LP40490.

  The best man. Credits: Producer, Glen Larson; director, Russ Mayberry;
  writer, Leslie Stevens. Cast: Doug McClure, Desi Arnaz, James
  Farentino, Katy Jurado, Mario Alcalde. © 23Sep70; LP40496.

  Crooked corner. Credits: Director, Herbert Hirschman; writer, Harry
  Kronman. Cast: Susan Strasberg, Kurt Kasznar, Stewart Granger, Lee
  Majors, Brock Peters. © 28Oct70; LP40500.

  Experiment at New Life. Credits: Producer, Norman Macdonnell;
  director, Jeannot Szwarc; writer, Lois Hire. Cast: Vera Miles, Sue
  Lyon, Ralph Meeker, James Drury, Chris Robinson. © 18Nov70; LP40504.

  Flight from memory. Credits: Producer, Edward J. Montagne; director,
  Holly Morse; writers, Jean Holloway & Gene L. Coon. Cast: Burgess
  Meredith, Tisha Sterling, Stewart Granger, Robert Fuller. © 17Feb71;
  LP40489.

  Follow the leader. Credits: Producer & writer, Leslie Stevens;
  director, Richard Benedict. Cast: Tony Franciosa, Doug McClure,
  Stewart Granger, Harry Carey, Jr., Frank Gorshin. © 2Dec70; LP40505.

  Gun quest. Credits: Producer, Norman Macdonnell; director, Harry
  Harris; writer, Robert Van Scoyk. Cast: James Drury, Joseph Cotten,
  Agnes Moorehead, Anne Francis, Brandon de Wilde. © 21Oct70; LP40499.

  Hannah. Credits: Producer, Glen A. Larson; director, Jack Arnold;
  writer, True Boarman. Cast: Lisa Gerritsen, Doug McClure, J. D.
  Cannon, Susan Oliver, Peter Breck. © 30Dec70; LP40507.

  Jenny. Credits: Producer, Norman Macdonnell; director, Harry Harris;
  writer, Arthur Heineman. Cast: Janet Leigh, James Drury, John Ireland,
  Charles Drake, Joanne Harris. © 30Sep70; LP40497.

  Jump-up. Credits: Writer, Ron Bishop. Cast: John McGiver, Lee Majors,
  Jan Sterling, John Astin, Madlyn Rhue. © 24Mar71 (in notice: 1970);
  LP40378.

  Lady at the bar. Credits: Producer & writer, Leslie Stevens; director,
  Russ Mayberry. Cast: Greer Garson, Doug McClure, E. G. Marshall, James
  Whitmore, Ken Tobey. © 4Nov70; LP40501.

  Last of the Comancheros. Credits: Producer, Norman Macdonnell;
  director, Michael Caffey; writer, Don Tait. Cast: Stewart Granger,
  Ricardo Montalban, James Gregory, Beth Brickell, Carlos Romero. ©
  9Dec70; LP40506.

  The legacy of Spencer Flats. Credits: Producer, Glen A. Larson;
  director, Russ Mayberry; script, B. W. Sandefur. Cast: Ann Sothern,
  Edgar Buchanan, Brad Dillman, Carolyn Jones, Doug McClure. © 27Jan71
  (in notice: 1970); LP40376.

  The mysterious Mr. Tate. Credits: Producer, Herbert Hirschman;
  director, Abner Biberman; writer, Jean Holloway. Cast: Lee Majors,
  Stewart Granger, Robert Webber, Dane Clark, Annette O’Toole. ©
  14Oct70; LP40498.

  Nan Allen. Credits: Producer, Edward J. Montagne; director, Jeff
  Hayden; writer, Dick Nelson. Cast: Stewart Granger, Diane Baker, E. G.
  Marshall, Tom Skeritt, Arch Johnson. © 6Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
  LP40374.

  The politician. Credits: Producer, Norman Macdonnell; director,
  Michael Caffey; writer, Robert Van Scoyk. Cast: James Drury, William
  Windom, Diana Muldaur, John Ericson, Jean Hale. © 13Jan71 (in notice:
  1970); LP40375.

  The price of the hanging. Credits: Producer, Herbert Hirschman;
  director, Mark Daniels; writer, Frank Chase. Cast: Lee Majors, Lew
  Ayres, Jane Wyatt, Tom Tryon, Stewart Granger. © 11Nov70; LP40503.

  The regimental line. Credits: Producer, Edward J. Montagne; director,
  Hollingsworth Morse; writer, Gene L. Coon. Cast: Stewart Granger, John
  Saxon, Eric Christmas, Bert Freed, Eddie Little Sky. © 3Mar71;
  LP40493.

  Tate: ramrod. Credits: Producer, John Choy; director, Marc Daniels;
  writer, Arthur Browne, Jr. Cast: Lee Majors, Michael Burns, Craig
  Stevens, Alan Hale, Jr., Joan Harris. © 24Feb71; LP40492.

  The town killer. Credits: Producer, Norman Macdonnell; director, Harry
  Harris; writer, Elroy Schwartz. Cast: Peter Lawford, James Drury,
  Brenda Benet, Howard Duff, Lloyd Bocher. © 10Mar71 (in notice: 1970);
  LP40377.

  The West vs. Colonel MacKenzie. Credits: Producer, Herbert Hirschman;
  directors, Murray Golden & Herbert Hirschman; writer, Jean Holloway.
  Cast: Stewart Granger, James Drury, Doug McClure, Lee Majors, John
  McLiam. © 16Sep70; LP40495.

  With love, bullets & valentines. Credits: Producer & writer, Glen
  Larson; director, Philip Leacock. Cast: Art Carney, Tom Ewell, Deborah
  Walley, Jack Albertson, Doug McClure. © 7Nov70; LP40502.

  Wolf track. Credits: Producer, Herbert Hirschman; director, Abner
  Biberman; writer, Arthur Browne, Jr. Cast: Stewart Granger, Julie
  Harris, Clint Howard, Pernell Roberts, Arthur O’Connell. © 17Mar71;
  LP40494.

MENDELIAN GENETICS. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.

MERCHANT AND THE JINNI. See

  STORIES FROM OTHER LANDS: THE ARABIAN NIGHTS.

MESSAGE FROM GOD (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 2 filmstrips on 1
roll, color, 35 mm. A Communico production.

  Contents: Getting the message. 16 fr.--Will someone plant my flowers
  fair? 27 fr.

  Credits: Words, Ronald J. Schlegel; music, Anne Griller; photographer,
  Bob Bell/Communico; artist, Randy Heidepriem/Communico; optical
  effects, Rich Eskew.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 28Apr72; JP14013.

METRIC SYSTEM: DECIMAL CALCULATING. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools
Educational Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jan72; MP22881.

METRIC SYSTEM: ENGLISH & METRIC LENGTHS. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools
Educational Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jan72; MP22882.

METRIC SYSTEM: ENGLISH & METRIC WEIGHT & VOLUME. Stanley Works, Stanley
Tools Educational Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jan72; MP22883.

METRIC SYSTEM: HISTORY OF MEASUREMENT. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools
Educational Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jan72; MP22879.

METRIC SYSTEM: ITS ADVANTAGES. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools Educational
Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Jan72; MP22880.

METRIC SYSTEM: LONG LENGTHS. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools Educational
Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Jan72; MP22885.

METRIC SYSTEM: REVIEW & TEST: GENERAL USE. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools
Educational Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jan72; MP22890.

METRIC SYSTEM: REVIEW & TEST: PREFIXES. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools
Educational Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jan72; MP22889.

METRIC SYSTEM: REVIEW & TEST: UNITS & READINGS. Stanley Works, Stanley
Tools Educational Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.;
15Jan72; MP22888.

METRIC SYSTEM: SHORT LENGTHS. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools Educational
Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Jan72; MP22884.

METRIC SYSTEM: VOLUME. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools Educational Dept.
Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Jan72; MP22887.

METRIC SYSTEM: WEIGHT. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools Educational Dept.
Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Jan72; MP22886.

METROMATIC. Peach Enterprises. 4 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author:
Merlin Peck. © Peach Enterprises, Inc.; 1Oct71; MP22300.

MICROMETERS. See

  SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.

MICROSCOPE. See

  BIOLOGICAL LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

[MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Midland
Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Approx. 60 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn.

  Autumn. © 15Dec71; LP40440.

  Gold watch. © 1Dec71; LP40441.

  The retireds. © 1Dec71; LP40442.

  Spring. © 15Dec71; LP40436.

  Summer. © 15Dec71; LP40435.

  Sunshine life. © 1Dec71; LP40437.

  Winter. © 15Dec71; LP40438.

  Young marrieds. © 1Dec71; LP40439.

MIDNIGHT SNACK. Genco Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Gene Pressman.

  Cast: Glenn Candee, Gene Pressman, Andrew Wank, Jon Pizzarello, Lena
  Velarde.

  © Genco Productions, Inc.; 27May72; LP40879.

MIKE’S HIPPIE FRIENDS COME TO VISIT. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

MIKE’S MYSTERIOUS SON. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

MIKE’S PROBLEM. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

MILBANK, SOUTH DAKOTA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 41.

MIND-ALTERING DRUGS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 87.

MINER’S RIDGE. Sierra Club. Made by Dawson Productions. Distributed by
Sierra Club Films. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Script, Rolf Russell; narrator, Marvin Miller; music, Jerome
  Neff; photographer, Glen Denny; editor, Sheri Espar.

  © Sierra Club; 21Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP22443.

MINING AND INDUSTRY. See

  SEEING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X214–A-X214–F: Me, you and us. 60 fr.--Him, her and them. 69
  fr.--Them and us. 59 fr.--Being alike and being different. 56
  fr.--Faster, bigger and smarter. 58 fr.--I hate you! 52 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Garry H. Meyers; senior photographer, John H.
  Hopkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13819, 13853, 13839, 13937,
  13872, 13846.

MINSTER STAMPING CENTER. Minster Machine Co. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Minster Machine Co.; 7May71; MP22100.

MISSION TO EUROPE. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

THE MISSOURI RIVER: BACKGROUND FOR SOCIAL STUDIES. Coronet Instructional
Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Thomas Frank Barton.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Dec71;
  MP22379.

[MR. POINTER SERIES] (Filmstrip) Richard P. Toister. 3 filmstrips (17
fr. each), color, 16 mm. A Programmed Learning Systems production. ©
Richard P. Toister; 6Jun72; JU13097.

MRS. DJINN DJINN. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 131.

MITOSIS AND MEIOSIS. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.

THE MIXED ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES. Doubleday Multimedia. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co.,
Inc.; 9Dec71; MP22614.

THE MOD PARTY. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 61.

MODEL 1070 (Filmstrip) Toledo Scale Training Center, Toledo Scales &
Systems. 175 fr., color, 16 mm. (Sight/sound training) © Reliance
Electric Co.; 19Apr72; JU13046.

MODEL 3111 FAN SCALE (Filmstrip) Toledo Scale Training Center, Toledo
Scales & Systems. 61 fr., color, 16 mm. © Reliance Electric Co.;
19Apr72; JU13045.

MODEL 3180 (Filmstrip) Toledo Scale Training Center, Toledo Scales &
Systems. 80 fr., color, 16 mm. (Sight/sound training) Appl. ti. Model
3180 fan scale. © Reliance Electric Co.; 19Apr72; JU13047.

MODEL 3400 DOUBLE RATIO COUNTING SCALE, LESSON NO. 8. See

  SIGHT SOUND TRAINING: TOLEDO SCALE.

MODELS FOR SMALL GROUP INSTRUCTION. Educational Coordinates. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.; 1Jan71; MP22507.

MODERN PORTUGUESE (Filmstrip) Modern Language Assn. 20 filmstrips on 4
rolls. Appl. ti.: Filmstrips for modern Portuguese. © Alfred A. Knopf,
Inc.; 5Oct71; JP13686.

MODERNIZATION THROUGH HUMAN POWER. International Communication Films. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (China) Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia,
division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © International Communication Films,
division of Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 8Jul69; MP22617.

MONEY AND BANKING (Filmstrip) National Assn. of Manufacturers of the
United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 69 fr., color, 35 mm.
(American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © National
Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in notice: 1971);
JP14039.

MONEY: HOW IT FUNCTIONS. Coronet Instructional Films. 15 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. 2d ed. of What is money? © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 16Jul71; MP22144.

MONEY: HOW ITS VALUE CHANGES. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
15Jul71; MP22143.

THE MONEY SUPPLY AND FEDERAL RESERVE CONTROLS. Coe College. 33 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coe College; 9Mar72; MU8423.

MONEY WELL SPENT. See

  CONSUMER STUDIES.

THE MONKEY AND THE CRAB. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

THE MOONBEAM PRINCESS. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

MOOTI, CHILD OF NEW INDIA. See

  HINDU VILLAGE BOY.

MORE THAN COFFEE AND DONUTS. American National Red Cross. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Narrator, Lorne Greene.

  © American National Red Cross; 19Nov71; MP22205.

MORNING CARE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 4.

MORNING ZOO. Filmfair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 28Feb72; MP22349.

MOTEL MANAGERS TRAINING SCHOOL. Diversified Management Systems Corp.
Approx. 1 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Diversified Management Systems
Corp.

  69–1–-69–2. © 18Feb72; MU8394–8395.

  70–1–-70–3. © 18Feb72; MU8396–8398.

MOTHER. Beverly Yurtis. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Beverly Yurtis;
22Oct71; LP40367.

MOTHER GOES GREEK. See

  HOLIDAY IN GREECE.

A MOTHER GOOSE MEDLEY. Kayfetz-Edutec Productions. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Kayfetz-Edutec; 23Sep71; MP22102.

MOTHER IN THE MIRROR. See

  JAPANESE FAIRY TALES.

MOTHER’S DAY SURPRISE. See

  HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION--BASIC LIGHTING. Eastman Kodak Co. 1 reel,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Eastman Kodak Co.; 2Dec70; MP22151.

MOTION PICTURE SCRAPBOOK. See

  THOSE WERE THE DAYS.

THE MOUTH I LIVE IN, THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A TOOTH (Filmstrip)
Colgate-Palmolive Co. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. states prev. reg.,
JP11921. NM: revision. © Colgate-Palmolive Co.; 10Jan72 (in notice:
1971); JP13697.

MOVEMENTS OF THE EYES AND TONGUE: SOMATIC MOTOR SYSTEM. Teaching Films.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The anatomical basis of brain function) ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 15May72; MU8452.

THE MOVIE MURDERER. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Arthur Kennedy, Robert Webber, Tom Selleck, Warren Oates, Norma
  Crane.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Jan70; LP40581.

MOVIN’ ON. Douglas S. Cramer Co. & Edling Productions. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Screen Gems.

  Credits: Producer, Jerome Courtland.

  Cast: Patrick Wayne, Geoffrey Duel.

  © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
  17Mar72; LP40752.

THE MOVING FINGER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 9.

MUG YOU CAN TRUST. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

MULTIPLE CHOICE. Indiana State Library. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
Calvin production. © Indiana State Library; 10Apr72; MP22567.

MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 2. Review Educational Films. 5 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
MP22357.

MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 3. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
MP22358.

MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 6. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
MP22359.

MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 7. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
MP22360.

MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 8. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71;
MP22361.

MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 9. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. (Third level series) Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22293.

MULTIVIBRATORS, ASTABLE. Thomas M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Thomas M. Adams; 1Oct71; MP22112.

THE MURDER OF FRED HAMPTON. MGA. 83 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM:
compilation & additions. © MGA, Inc.; 28Apr71; LP40379.

MURDERS IN THE RUE MORGUE. American International Productions (England)
88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the story by Edgar Allan Poe.

  Cast: Christine Kaufmann, Jason Robards, Adolfo Celi, Maria Perschy,
  Herbert Lom.

  © American International Productions (England) Ltd.; 14Jul71; LP40319.

MURPH COLLINS VERSUS TOMORROW. See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 8
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: SS–840–-SS–847: Symbols in music. 50 fr.--Rhythm in music.
  46 fr.--Melody in music. 42 fr.--Form and harmony in music. 47
  fr.--Musical instruments, strings/woodwinds. 43 fr.--Musical
  instruments, brass/percussion. 47 fr.--Let’s make music. 49 fr.--Humor
  in music. 45 fr.

  Credits: Author, Harriet G. Mertz.

  © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Aug71; JP14008.

MUSIC TO LIVE BY. McGraw-Hill Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
humanities series) Produced in collaboration with Cinemakers. Appl.
author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 12Oct71; MP22876.

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, BRASS/PERCUSSION. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, STRINGS/WOODWINDS. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.

MUSTARD MAN. See

  GUESS WHERE WE WENT TODAY.

THE MUSTARD SEED AND THE LEAVEN. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

MUTATION AND ISOLATION. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.

MY DOUBLE-CROSSING MASTER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 84.

MY EXTERNAL ENVIRONMENT. See

  TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT.

MY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

MY GRANDPA DIED TODAY. Videorecord Corp. of America. 8 min., sd., color.
Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Writer, Joan Fassler; narrator, Myra Brent; music, John
  Gilbert; illus. by Stewart Kranz.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22688.

MY GREATEST WORK. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

MY HERO. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 2.

MY INCREDIBLE SHRINKING MASTER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 54.

MY LAND AND MY PEOPLE. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

MY MASTER. For titles beginning with My Master See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE.

MY NAME IS JESUS (Filmstrip) Roa’s Films. 10 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
With 10 teacher’s guides.

  Contents: Episode no. 1–10: My land and my people. 34 fr.--Shepherds
  and wise men. 34 fr.--Growing up. 37 fr.--Deciding for myself. 35
  fr.--My friends and followers. 35 fr.--Signs and wonders. 35
  fr.--Building on the rock. 35 fr.--Turning toward Jerusalem. 35
  fr.--My greatest work. 35 fr.--I am risen and with you. 34 fr.

  Credits: Research, script & teacher’s guide, Helen G. Cohan &
  Elizabeth M. Fowkes; illustrations, Phillippe Joudiou.

  Appl. author: Maison de la Bonne Presse.

  © Roa’s Films; 31Mar72; JP14058.

MY POOR MASTER, THE CIVILIAN. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 51.

MY SISTER, THE HOMEWRECKER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 125.

MY SON, THE GENIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 74.

MY SWEET CHARLIE. Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the novel & play by David Westheimer. Produced in association
with Bob Banner Associates.

  Cast: Patty Duke, Al Freeman, Jr., Ford Rainey.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP40568.

MY TURNED ON MASTER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 65.

MY WILD-EYED MASTER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 35.

MY WORLD; MY LUCK (Filmstrip) Instructional Systems. Made by Image Pub.
Corp. 57 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Doug Weathers; writer, Henry F. Scarpelli;
  photographer, Alan Breslaw.

  © Scope; 4Dec71; JP13741.

THE MYSTERIOUS DOCTOR X. Frederick A. Lentin. 33 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. © Frederick A. Lentin; 27Apr72; MU8446.

MYSTERIOUS MR. TATE. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.


                                   N

NBC WHITE PAPER. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 51 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  Suffer the little children. Telecast: Jan. 11, 1972. Credits: Producer
  & reporter, Robert Northshield; director, Fred Flamenhaft; music, The
  Flying Column & Finbar & Eddie Furey; filmed by Chris Callery; film
  editors, John Teeple & Jean Venable. © 5Jan72; MP22318.

NEA CONVENTION HIGHLIGHTS, 1971 (Filmstrip) National Education Assn. 79
fr., color, 35 mm. With script (1 v.) and phonotape: 1 reel.

  Credits: Narrator, Walt Teas; script, Jane Power; photographer, Joe
  DiDio.

  © National Education Assn.; 4Aug71; A292475.

THE NAME OF THE GAME. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
Approx. 80 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV
Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  All the familiar faces. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director,
  Seymour Robbie; writer, Phil Hargrove. Cast: Gene Barry; Michael
  Constantine, Burgess Meredith, Anne Baxter, Stephen McNally. ©
  13Nov70; LP40963.

  Appointment in Palermo. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director,
  Ben Gazzara. Cast: Gene Barry, Brenda Vaccaro, Harry Guardino, Joe
  DeSantis, Gabe Dell. © 26Feb71; LP40951.

  Aquarius descending. From a story by Dick Nelson & Barry Oringer.
  Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove, director, Nick Colasanto; writer,
  Dick Nelson. Cast: Gene Barry, Arthur Hill, Michael Callan, Brenda
  Scott, Hermione Gingold. © 11Dec70; LP40967.

  The battle at Gannon’s bridge. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein;
  director, Robert Day; writer, Herb Meadow. Cast: Darren McGavin,
  Keenan Wynn, Joan Blondell, Percy Rodrigues, Robert Stack. © 9Oct70;
  LP40958.

  Beware of the watchdog. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director,
  Marvin Chomsky; writer, Jack Turley. Cast: Robert Stack, Richard
  Kiley, Nancy Olson, Pernell Roberts, Diana Muldaur. © 5Mar71; LP40952.

  The broken puzzle. From the story by Barry Oringer. Credits: Producer,
  Dean Hargrove; director, Alvin Ganzer; writer, Pat Fielder. Cast: Gene
  Barry, Chuck Connors, Pat Crowley, Charles Aidman, Alex Dreier. ©
  12Mar71; LP40953.

  A capitol affair. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Marvin
  Chomsky; writer, Richard DeRoy. Cast: Gene Barry, Mercedes
  McCambridge, Suzanne Pleshette, Larry Hagman, Monte Markham. ©
  12Feb71; LP40949.

  Cynthia is alive and living in Avalon. Credits: Producer & director,
  Gene Levitt; writer, Ben Masselink. Cast: Robert Culp, Barbara Feldon,
  Gene Barry, Mickey Rooney, Susan Saint James. © 2Oct70; LP40957.

  The enemy before us. Credits: Producer & director, Barry Shear;
  writer, Joseph Calvelli. Cast: Orson Welles, Martin Balsam, Katina
  Paxinou, Richard Conte, Tony Franciosa. © 16Oct70; LP40959.

  Glory shouter. From a story by Harry Kronman. Credits: Producer,
  George Eckstein; director, Joseph Pevney; writer, Edward DeBlasio.
  Cast: Robert Stack, William Shatner, Dina Merill, Howard Duff, Jackie
  Coogan. © 18Dec70; LP40968.

  I love you, Billy Baker, pt. 1–2. Credits: Producer & director, Billy
  Shear; writer, Richard DeRoy. Cast: Sammy Davis, Jr., Tony Franciosa,
  Janet MacLachlan, Bernie Hamilton, Susan Saint James. © 20Nov70,
  LP40964; 27Nov70, LP40965.

  LA 2017. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director, Steven Spielberg;
  writer, Philip Wylie. Cast: Gene Barry, Barry Sullivan, Edmund
  O’Brien, Sharon Farrell, Severn Darden. © 15Jan71; LP40946.

  Little Bear died running. Credits: Producer & director, Gene Levitt;
  writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: Robert Culp, Susan Saint James, Dean
  Jagger, Simon Oakland, Steve Forrest. © 6Nov70; LP40962.

  A love to remember. From a story by Richard Bluel. Credits: Producer,
  Dean Hargrove; director, Nick Colasanto; writer, Dick Nelson. Cast:
  Ray Milland, Gene Barry, Lee Grant, Tom Bosley, Joanna Moore. ©
  25Sep70; LP40956.

  The man who killed a ghost. Credits: Producer, Alan Armer; director,
  Barry Shear; writer, Ken Trevey. Cast: Robert Wagner, Janet Leigh, Kim
  Stanley, Lex Barker, Lurene Tuttle. © 29Jan71; LP40947.

  The savage eye. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Leo
  Penn; writer, Leon Tokatyan. Cast: Robert Stack, Susan Saint James,
  Peter Duel, Jim Hutton, Marianne Hill. © 19Feb71; LP40950.

  Seek and destroy. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Robert
  Day; writer, Richard Landau. Cast: Robert Stack, Leif Erickson,
  Forrest Tucker, Susan Oliver, John McGiver. © 5Feb71; LP40948.

  The showdown. From a story by Robert Sabaroff. Credits: Producer, Dean
  Hargrove; director, Dan Petrie; writer, Dick Nelson. Cast: Gene Barry,
  Jessica Walter, Warren Oates, Albert Salmi, Jack Albertson. © 19Mar71;
  LP40954.

  A Sister from Napoli. Credits: Producer & director, Barry Shear;
  writers, Allan Fields, Stanley Adams, George F. Slavin. Cast: Peter
  Falk, Geraldine Page, David Wayne, Angel Tompkins, Tom Ewell. ©
  8Jan71; LP40945.

  So long baby, and amen. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director,
  Marvin Chomsky; writer, Steven Bochco. Cast: Robert Stack, Robert
  Finch, Julie Harris, Sal Mineo, Laurie Prange. © 18Sep70; LP40955.

  The time is now. Credits: Producer, Dean Hargrove; director, Nick
  Colasanto; writer, Wanda Coleman. Cast: Yaphet Kotto, Gene Barry,
  Rosco Lee Browne, Jack Klugman, William Windom. © 23Oct70; LP40960.

  The war merchants. Credits: Producer, George Eckstein; director, Boris
  Sagal; writer, William Gordon. Cast: Robert Wagner, Scott Brady,
  Robert Stack, Rosemary Forsyth, Frank Aletter. © 30Oct70; LP40961.

  Why I blew up Dakota. Producer, George Eckstein; director, John
  Newland, writer, Ken Trevey. Cast: Robert Stack, Jose Ferrer, Clu
  Gulager, Roddy McDowall, Carolyn Jones. © 4Dec70; LP40966.

NAN ALLEN. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 31.

NATION DIVIDED. See

  THE CIVIL WAR.

NATMUS. Gerald Hagner. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gerald Hagner;
6May71; MP22479.

NATURAL SELECTION. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.

THE NATURE OF SPACE (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 89 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13610.

NATURE OF THE ENEMY. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

NATURE’S CURES. Dade County School Board. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Dade County School Board; 21Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22384.

NAUVOO, ILLINOIS. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 35.

THE NEIGHBORLY THING TO DO (Filmstrip) American Cancer Society. Made by
Admaster. 116 fr., color, 35 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.;
16Dec70; JP13654.

THE NEON CEILING. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, William Sackheim; director, Frank Pierson; writers,
  Carol Sobieski & Henri Simoun; music, William Goldenberg; director of
  photography, Edward Rosson; film editor, Robert F. Shugrue.

  Cast: Gig Young, Lee Grant, Denise Nickerson, Herb Edelman, William
  Smithers.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40827.

NERVOUS SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 27Oct71; MP22135.

THE NETHERLANDS: BLUEPRINT FOR AN URBAN SOCIETY. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. of
People of the Netherlands. Produced with the assistance of Netherlands
Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub.
11Sep57, MP8696. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 21Oct71;
MP22208.

NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 7 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 14001–14007: Establishing the baseline. 110 fr.--Coma. 97
  fr.--Seizure. 99 fr.--Head injury. 92 fr.--Hemiplegia. 81 fr.--Spinal
  cord injury. 133 fr.--Post-craniotomy. 127 fr.

  © Decision Media, Inc.; 20Mar72; JP13807–13808, 13805–13804, 13806,
  13809, 13803.

NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES. See

  CASE STUDY.

NEVER PUT A GENIE ON A BUDGET. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 127.

THE NEVER SAY DIE RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

NEVER TRY TO OUTSMART A GENIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 19.

THE NEW DEAL. McGraw-Hill Films & Project 7. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. NM: compilation & addition. ©
McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22655.

NEW DIRECTIONS. See

  THE FUTURE OF THE FAMILY.

NEW DOCTORS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

NEW HARMONY: AN EXAMPLE AND A BEACON. Indiana University Audio-Visual
Center. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, writer, editor, Ledford C. Carter; location
  cameraman, Philip Stockton; animation cameraman, Walter Niekamp;
  graphic artist, Lynda Silver.

  © Indiana University; 8Dec71; MP22292.

NEW HOME. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

THE NEW MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM (Filmstrip) M. Robert Dortch. 73 fr., color,
35 mm. © M. Robert Dortch; 1May72; JP14133.

NEW WORTH. See

  PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: NET WORTH.

NEWARK RIOT (1967) Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (The 8
mm. documents project, no. 311) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22416.

NEWTON’S SECOND LAW OF MOTION. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

NEWTON’S THIRD LAW OF MOTION. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

NICHOLAS AND ALEXANDRA. Horizon Pictures. England. Released by Columbia
Pictures. 187 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the book by Robert K.
Massie.

  Credits: Producer, Sam Spiegel; director, Franklin J. Schaffner;
  screenplay, James Goldman; music, Richard Rodney Bennett; director of
  photography, Freddie Young; film editor, Ernest Walter.

  Cast: Michael Jayston, Janet Suzman, Harry Andrews, Tom Baker, Michael
  Bryant.

  © Horizon Pictures, Inc.; 29Nov71; LP40525.

NIGHT GALLERY. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53
min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. (Four-in-one) Produced with NBC-TV
Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  The dead man; The housekeeper. Credits: Series producer, Jack Laird.
  The dead man; directed & adapted by Douglas Heyes from the short story
  by Fritz Lieber. The housekeeper; director, John Meredyth Lucas;
  writer, Matthew Howard. Cast: Carl Betz, Jeff Corey, Louise Sorel,
  Larry Hagman, Suzy Parker. © 16Dec70; LP40836.

  The house; Certain shadows on the wall. Credits: Producer, Jack Laird.
  The house; based on story by Andre Maurois; director, John Astin.
  Certain shadows on the wall; based on story by Mary E.
  Wilkins-Freeman; director, Jeff Corey. Cast: Joanna Pettet, Steve
  Franken, Louise Hayward, Agnes Moorehead, Grayson Hall. © 30Dec70;
  LP40838.

  The last laurel; They’re tearing down Tim Riley’s bar. Credits: The
  last laurel; director, Daryl Duke; writer, Rod Serling, based on the
  short story The horsehair trunk, by Davis Grubb. They’re tearing down
  Tim Riley’s bar; director, Don Taylor; writer, Rod Serling. Cast: Jack
  Cassidy, Martine Beswick, William Windom, Diane Baker, Bert Convy. ©
  20Jan71; LP40841.

  Make me laugh; Clean kills and other trophies. Credits: Series
  producer, Jack Laird. Make me laugh; director, Steven Spielberg. Clean
  kills and other trophies; director, Walter Doniger. Cast: Godfrey
  Cambridge, Tom Bosley, Jackie Vernon, Raymond Massey, Barry Brown. ©
  6Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40839.

  Pamela’s voice; Lone survivor; The doll. Credits: Series producer,
  Jack Laird. Pamela’s voice; director, Richard Benedict. Lone survivor;
  director, Gene Levitt. The doll; writer, Rod Serling, based on the
  short story by Algernon Blackwood. Cast: Phyllis Diller, John Astin,
  John Colicos, John Williams, Shani Wallis. © 13Jan71 (in notice:
  1970); LP40840.

  Room with a view; The little black bag; The nature of the enemy.
  Credits: Series producer, Jack Laird. Room with a view; director,
  Jerry Freedman; story & teleplay, Hal Dresner. The little black bag;
  director, Jeannot Szwarc; from a teleplay by Rod Serling based on a
  story by K. M. Kornbluth. The nature of the enemy; director, Alan
  Reisner; writer, Rod Serling. Cast: Joseph Wiseman, Burgess Meredith,
  Chill Wills, Joseph Campanella, Richard Van Vleet. © 23Dec70; LP40837.

NIGHT VIRGINIA CITY DIED. See

  BONANZA.

THE NIGHTCOMERS. Scimitar Productions. Released by Avco Embassy Pictures
Corp. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Kastner Ladd Kanter Scimitar
production. From The turn of the screw, by Henry James.

  Credits: Producer & director, Michael Winner; writer, Michael
  Hastings; music composer & conductor, Jerry Fielding; director of
  photography, Robert Paynter; film editor, Frederick Wilson.

  Cast: Marlon Brando, Stephanie Beacham, Thora Hird, Harry Andrews,
  Verna Harvey.

  Appl. author: Belgravia Productions, Inc.

  © Avco Embassy Pictures Corp.; 15Feb72; LP40881.

1972 CARS: LOW SPEED CRASH COSTS. Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety. 26 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety; 19Nov71; MP22123.

1972 DODGE AND CHEVROLET LIGHT DUTY TRUCKS. See

  LOAD OF DIFFERENCE.

1972 SEAT BELT WARNING SYSTEM (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 81 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
session no. 72–5) © Chrysler Corp.; 21Feb72; JP13782.

NO GAME FOR AMATEURS. See

  IRONSIDE.

NO MAN’S LAND (HELL ON EARTH) Maurice H. Zouary. Released by Filmvideo
Releasing Corp. 69 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm.

  Credits: director, Victor Trivas; story, Leonhard Frank & Victor
  Trivas; music, Hanns Eisler; main titles designed, Maurice H. Zouary.

  Cast: Vladimir Sokoloff, Ernst Busch, Louis Douglas, George Paclet,
  Hugh Douglas.

  NM: additions & revision.

  © Maurice H. Zouary/Filmvideo Releasing Corp.; 20Oct71; MP22125.

NO RESERVATIONS NEEDED. Huron-Clinton Metropolitan Authority. Made by
Studio Four. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Huron-Clinton Metropolitan
Authority; 24May72; MP22892.

NOBODY LOVES A FAT ASTRONAUT. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 109.

NOEL’S GONNA FLY. See

  IRONSIDE.

NONE. See

  [THE FOOL]

NORMAN GESKE. ETS Program Service. Made by KUON. 29 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Ron Nicodemus; music, Robert Beadell;
  photographer, Denny Hardt.

  © ETS Program Service; 8Feb72; MU8413.

NORTH AMERICA: ITS COASTLINES. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Hibberd V. B. Kline, Jr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 20Dec71
  (in notice: 1972); MP22633.

NORTH AMERICA: ITS MOUNTAINS. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Hibberd V. B. Kline, Jr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Jan72;
  MP22630.

NORTH AMERICA: ITS PLAINS AND PLATEAUS. Coronet Instructional Films. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Hibberd V. B. Kline, Jr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 20Dec71
  (in notice: 1972); MP22632.

NORTH AMERICA: ITS RIVERS. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Hibberd V. B. Kline, Jr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 3Jan72;
  MP22631.

THE NORTH END. Patricia Lee. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Patricia Lee;
2Dec71; MU8387.

NORTHEAST OF SEOUL. RHR. 100 min., sd., color and b&w, 35 mm. Appl.
author: Paul C. Ross. © RHR, Ltd.; 31Jan72; LU3622.

NOTES AND INTERVALS. See

  SOUND.

NOUNS. See

  FORM CLASS WORDS.

NOW. See

  THE AGE OF AQUARIUS.

  ALASKA: END OF THE LAST FRONTIER.

  ANATOMY OF YOUTH.

  THE EYE OF THE STORM.

  THE PRECIOUS YEARS.

  WOMEN’S LIBERATION.

NOW AND THEN. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 1.

THE NOW EMPLOYEE. Gulf Pub. Co. & Multimedia Co. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer, David Nadler.

  © Gulf Pub. Co.; 16Nov71; MP22733.

NURSE’S AIDE. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

NURSING AIDS FOR NORMAL ELIMINATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 14.

NURSING CARE PLANS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 93.

NURSING OBSERVATION AND NURSING CARE DURING INTRAVENOUS THERAPY. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 40.

NURSING RESPONSIBILITIES.

  For titles beginning with Nursing responsibilities See DIRECTIONS IN
  EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.

NUTRITION: ENERGY, CARBOHYDRATES, FATS AND PROTEINS, PT. 1–2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 75–76.

NUTRITION: MINERALS AND VITAMINS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 77.

NUTRITION: PSYCHOSOCIAL AND PHYSIOLOGIC BASIS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 74.


                                   O

’07 TO THE 70’S: THE STORY OF UPS (Filmstrip) United Parcel Service of
America. 115 fr., color, 35 mm. © United Parcel Service of America,
Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13987.

OBJECTIVES--A MANAGEMENT TOOL. Schleh Associates. 1 reel, sd., color, 16
mm. © Schleh Associates, Inc.; 1Nov71; MP22148.

OBJECTS AND ENVIRONMENTS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 55 fr., color, 35 mm. (Thinking clearly, X–212–B)

  Credits: Illustrator, Kenneth W. Mitchell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13711.

OBJECTS AND FUNCTIONS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 67 fr., color, 35 mm. (Thinking clearly, X–212–C)

  Credits: Illustrator, Kenneth W. Mitchell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13843.

OBSERVATION PLUS COMMUNICATION PROVIDE FOR OPTIMUM NURSING INTERVENTION.
See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 26.

OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Distributed by Blakiston
Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Orientation to rehabilitation)
Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill,
Inc.; 8Dec71; MP22591.

OCEANOGRAPHY (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With guide, 11 p.

  Contents: How we study waves. 53 fr.--How we study tides. 56 fr.--How
  we study ocean currents. 55 fr.--How we study the ocean floor. 53
  fr.--How we study marine sediments. 47 fr.--How we study marine life.

  Credits: Production & script, James C. Clark; educational
  collaborator, John V. Byrne; photographer, Carl Chamberlin.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 20Jul71;
  JP13633.

OFFICER TRAINING. See

  DEFENSIVE TACTICS II--SHORT BATON.

OH, MY ACHING BACK. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

OH, PROMISE ME. See

  GREEN ACRES.

O’HARA, UNITED STATES TREASURY. Mark VII. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television.

  Credits: Producer, Leonard Kaufman; director, Jack Webb; writer, James
  E. Moser; music composer, William Lava; director of photography, Alric
  Edens; film editor, Warren H. Adams.

  Cast: David Janssen, Lana Wood, Jerome Thor, Gary Crosby, William
  Conrad.

  © Mark VII, Ltd. & Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Apr71; LP40823.

OHM’S LAW. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

OHM’S LAW FORMULA: E = I X R. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22189.

OHM’S LAW FORMULA: I = E/R. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22191.

OHM’S LAW FORMULA: R = E/I. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22190.

OHM’S LAW THEORY. Pt. 1. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22193.

OHM’S LAW THEORY. Pt. 2. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 1 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22192.

OIL! SPOIL! PATTERNS IN POLLUTION. Sierra Club. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer, Grant Rohloff; sound, The Dragons.

  © Sierra Club; 15Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22637.

OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY (Filmstrip) Joseph Mealey & Associates. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 6 records & teachers’ guides.

  Contents: The past puzzle. 62 fr.--The trail of tears. 61 fr.--The end
  of the trail. 71 fr.--The change makers. 69 fr.--Shaping the law. 57
  fr.--Five decades of change. 80 fr.

  Credits: Writer, Harolyn Westhoff Enis.

  Appl. ti.: The Oklahoma story.

  © Joseph Mealey & Associates, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP14082.

OLD AND NEW, FAST AND SLOW. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 9.

OLD JAPAN. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

OLD MAN’S PLACE. See

  GLORY BOY.

OLMECS. See

  CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA.

ON BEING BLACK (Filmstrip) Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals. 2 filmstrips
(pt. 1, 98 fr.; pt. 2, 96 fr.), color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Joan Troy; script & narration, William H. Grier;
  project editor, Rosemary Tierney; photography, Ashley James & others.

  © Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals, Inc., solely owned by Times Mirror
  Co.; 5Jan70; JP13778.

ONCE THERE WERE BLUEBIRDS. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend
Films. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 31Dec71; MP22309.

ONCE YOU KISS A STRANGER. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 106 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Suggested by a novel by Patricia Highsmith.

  Credits: Producer, Harold A. Goldstein; director, Robert Sparr;
  screenplay by Frank Norman & Tarloff Katkov; music composer &
  conductor, Jimmie Fagas; director of photography, Jacques Marquette;
  film editor, Marjorie Fowler.

  Cast: Paul Burke, Carol Lynley, Martha Hyer, Peter Lind Hayes, Philip
  Carey.

  © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 1Dec69; LP40875.

ONE AMERICAN. See

  MEN AT LAW.

ONE DAY AT BEAR CUT. Dade County School Board. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Dade County School Board; 26Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22642.

ONE IS A LONELY NUMBER. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
A David L. Wolper production. Based upon a story written by Rebecca
Morris.

  Credits: Producer, Stan Margulies; director, Mel Stuart; screenplay,
  David Seltzer; music, Michel Legrand; director of photography, Michel
  Hugo; film editor, David Saxon.

  Cast: Trish Van Devere, Monte Markham, Janet Leigh, Melvin Douglas,
  Jane Elliot.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 23Mar72; LP40527.

ONE JEANNIE BEATS FOUR OF A KIND. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 138.

ONE LITTLE GIRL. Videorecord Corp. of America. 6 min., sd., color.
Videotape cassette (3/4 in.) Visuals adapted from illus. by Jane Smyth.

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; writer, Joan Fassler; narrator, Myra
  Brent.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22687.

ONE OF OUR BOTTLES IS MISSING. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 50.

ONE OF OUR HOTELS IS GROWING. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 129.

ONE OF OUR ROLLS IS MISSING. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

ONE, TWO, PLOP! King Screen Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Kingdom of Kite) © King Broadcasting Co.; 2Mar72 (in notice: 1971);
MP22446.

OPERA: MAN, MUSIC AND DRAMA. McGraw-Hill Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Humanities series) Produced in collaboration with Cinemakers.
Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Feb72 (in
notice: 1971); MP22440.

OPERATION: FIRST COUPLE ON THE MOON. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 86.

OPIATES: WHAT ARE NARCOTICS. See

  DRUGS IN TODAY’S WORLD.

OPTICAL ILLUSIONS. Pt. 2 (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences. 34 fr., color, 35
mm. Appl. author: Gerrit C. Zwart. © Gerrit C. Zwart d.b.a. Visual
Sciences (in notice: Gerrit C. Zwart); 27May66; JP13678.

OPTICAL TECHNICIAN. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

OPTOMETRIC ASSISTANT. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

ORDERING EVENTS BY TIME. See

  MEASURING.

THE ORGANIZATION. Mirisch Productions. Released by United Artists Corp.
107 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the character created by John
Ball.

  Credits: Producer, Walter Mirisch; director, Don Medford; screenplay,
  James R. Webb; music, Gil Melle; director of photography, Joseph
  Biroc; film editor, Ferris Webster.

  Cast: Sidney Poitier, Barbara McNair, Gerald S. O’Loughlin, Sheree
  North, Fred Beir.

  © Mirisch Productions, Inc.; 20Oct71; LP40484.

ORIENTATION TO REHABILITATION. See

  OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY.

  ORTHOTICS.

  PHYSICAL THERAPY.

  PROSTHETICS.

  PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF DISABILITY.

  SOCIAL SERVICE.

  SPEECH SERVICES.

THE ORIGIN OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM (Filmstrip) Creation-Science Research
Center. 136 fr., color, 35 mm. With guide, 1 v.

  Credits: Narrator, John G. Read.

  © John G. Read; 21Dec71; A306411.

ORONDO, WASHINGTON. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 45.

ORTHO/GRAPHICS (Filmstrip) Perfection Form Co. 4 filmstrips (23 fr.
each), color, 35 mm. With Teacher’s manual, 1 v. © Perfection Form Co.;
15Mar71; JP13582.

ORTHOTICS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Distributed by Blakiston Films. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Orientation to rehabilitation) Produced in
collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Dec71;
MP22594.

OSCAR ROBERTSON PROMISES. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

OSMOSIS AND FLUID COMPARTMENTS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 35.

THE OSPREY, THE TROUT. See

  STORIES OF ANIMALS WHICH SHARE AN ENVIRONMENT.

THE OTHER IS ME (Filmstrip) Instructional Systems. Made by Image Pub.
Corp. 53 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Doug Weathers; writer, Henry F. Scarpelli;
  photographer, Alan Breslaw.

  © Scope; 4Dec71; JP13740.

THE OTHER MAN. Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Based on a novel by Margaret Lynn.

  Cast: Roy Thinnes, Arthur Hill, Joan Hackett, Tammy Grimes, Rudolfo
  Hoyos.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Oct70 (in notice: 1969); LP40578.

OUR FILMSTRIP (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 11 fr., color, 35 mm.
Appl. author: Don Shigaki. © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13676.

OUR HUMAN RESOURCES. See

  SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.

OUR MAN IN PARIS. See

  MCCLOUD.

OUR ROUND EARTH: HOW IT CHANGES. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 2Nov71; MP22140.

OUR ROUND EARTH: ITS ATMOSPHERE. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 24Sep71; MP22139.

OUR ROUND EARTH: ITS LAND. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 27Sep71; MP22138.

OUR ROUND EARTH: ITS WATERS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
20Oct71; MP22152.

OUR ROUND EARTH: WHAT IT’S LIKE. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 22Sep71; MP22137.

OUR TOTEM IS THE RAVEN. King Screen Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 16Feb72; MP22401.

OUT OF HANDS. King Screen Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © King
Broadcasting Co.; 23May72; MP22853.

OVERCOMING SALES RESISTANCE BY PHONE. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

OVERHEAD PIPE RACK FIRES. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8442.

THE OVERVIEW. Educational Division of Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Houghton Mifflin reading program, 1) © Houghton
Mifflin Co.; 20Jan72; MP22438.

AN OVERVIEW. See

  TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS.

THE OWL AND THE PUSSY-CAT. Weston Woods Studios. 3 min., sd., color, 16
mm. From the poem by Edward Lear. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. ©
Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 31Dec71; LP40380.

OYSTERS, CLAMS AND MUSSELS. See

  WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.


                                   P

PBP PATIENT EDUCATION FILMS, ITEM NO. LB–17. See

  BRUSHING.

PBP PATIENT EDUCATION FILMS, ITEM NO. LB–18. See

  FLOSSING.

PAMELA’S VOICE. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

PAMPER. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

PANTHER IN A CAGE. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

PAOLO SOLERI. ETS Program Service. Made by KAET. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Dorrit Cox; music, Grant Fletcher;
  cinematographer-editor, Jim Welch.

  © ETS Program Service; 11Feb72; MU8416.

PAPER CONSTRUCTION. ACI Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Rediscovery: art media) © ACI Productions, Inc.; 11Jun67; MP22565.

PAPER MACHE. ACI Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rediscovery:
art media) © ACI Productions, Inc.; 30Apr67; MP22560.

PAR FOR THE COURSE. See

  THE PSYCHIATRIST.

THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM (Filmstrip) Roa’s Films. 8 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With 11 teacher’s guides.

  Contents: Episode: 1. The sower. 34 fr.-–2. The father’s love. 44
  fr.-–3. Pt. 1: The lost sheep. 19 fr.; pt. 2: The good employer. 28
  fr.-–4. Pt. 1: The wheat and the weeds. 23 fr.; pt. 2: The mustard
  seed and the leaven. 19 fr.-–5. The great supper. 35 fr.-–6. The ten
  maidens. 35 fr.-–7. The talents. 32 fr.-–8. The good Samaritan. 37 fr.

  Credits: Research, script & teaching guides, Sister M. Johnice, I.H.M.
  & Sister M. Elizabeth, I.H.M.; illus. by Phillippe Joudiou & Frans Van
  Lamsweerde.

  Appl. author: La Maison de la Bonne Presse.

  © Roa’s Films; 15May66; JP14056.

PARALLEL CIRCUITS. Pt. 1: Current. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22196.

PARALLEL CIRCUITS. Pt. 2: Voltage. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22195.

PARALLEL CIRCUITS. Pt. 3: Resistance. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films.
3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.: 30Sep71; MP22194.

PARIS 7000. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53
min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  Call me Lee. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc; teleplay, Guerdon
  Trueblood & John Wilder. Cast: George Hamilton, Barbara Anderson,
  Brenda Benet, Jacques Aubuchon, Gene Raymond. © 5Feb70; LP40364.

  Journey to nowhere. Credits: Director, Michael Caffey; teleplay, Paul
  Playdon & Michael Gleason. Cast: George Hamilton, Diane Baker, Steve
  Ihnat, John Van Dreelen, William Wintersole. © 12Feb70; LP40365.

  To cage a lion. Credits: Director, James Neilson; teleplay, Gene L.
  Coon & John Wilder. Cast: George Hamilton, Leif Erickson, Gene
  Raymond, Jacques Aubuchon, Keye Luke. © 19Feb70; LP40366.

A PASSING OF TORCHES. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

PASSION OF JESUS. See

  THE PASSION TO EASTER STORY OF JESUS.

THE PASSION TO EASTER STORY OF JESUS (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 2
filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: The Passion of Jesus. 24 fr.--The Resurrection of
  Jesus. 26 fr.

  Appl. authors: George Pierson, Bill Burnett & Jim Fields. NM:
  compilation of art owned by Visual Data Corp.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13573.

THE PAST PUZZLE. See

  OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY.

PASTURES OF HELL, See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

PATHOLOGY OF THE CERVIX (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 2 filmstrips (pt.
1, 68 fr.; pt. 2, 60 fr.), color, 35 mm. With manual, 38 p.

  Credits: By Ancel U. Blaustein, Frederick Gorstein & Rita Demopoulis.

  © W. B. Saunders Co.; 25Apr72; A327736.

PATHWAYS TO MUSIC. See

  ELECTRONIC MUSIC.

  FROM JAZZ TO ROCK.

PATTERNS IN NATURE. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS.

PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH (Filmstrip) Roa’s Films. 8 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With 9 teacher’s guides.

  Contents: Episode 1–8: Witnesses in Jerusalem. 50 fr.--Stephen, the
  first Christian martyr. 42 fr.--The road to Damascus. 41 fr.--Good
  news to all nations. 44 fr.--Beginnings in Galatia. 43 fr.-Mission to
  Europe. 54 fr.--Paul turns toward Jerusalem. 49 fr.--Witness in Rome.
  57 fr.

  Credits: Director, Jack L. Tyler; research, script & teaching guides,
  Sister M. Johnice, I.H.M. & Sister M. Elizabeth, I.H.M.; artists,
  David Hanan & Venetia Epler.

  © Roa’s Films; 7Feb64; JP14057.

PAUL ENGLE. ETS Program Service. Made by Iowa Educational Broadcasting
Network. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Nelson Arrietti.

  © ETS Program Service; 8Mar72; MU8415.

PAUL REVERE’S RIDE. See

  THE WORD AND THE ECHO.

PAUL TURNS TOWARD JERUSALEM. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

PAUL WEISS, A PHILOSOPHER IN PROCESS. Eric Sherman. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Eric Sherman; 1May72; MP22638.

PAVEMENT MARKINGS. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

PAY FOR PERFORMANCE. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by BNA Films. 31
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman effective organization film
series) © B.N.A., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22313.

PEASANTS IN SAMARA, U.S.S.R.: 1921. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 367) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22255.

PEDESTRIAN AND DRIVER. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY: A MORPHOLOGIC APPROACH TO DIAGNOSIS (Filmstrip) W.
B. Saunders Co. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Audiovisual seminars in
pediatrics) With guide, 53 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–3: Red cell series. 40 fr.--White cell series. 28
  fr.--Bone marrow disorders. 29 fr.

  Credits: By J. Lawrence Naiman.

  Appl. states 1st ed.

  © W. B. Saunders Co.; 12May72; A336347.

PEOPLE (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 64
fr., color, 35 mm. (What’s around us, X–222–E)

  Credits: General ed., Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13718.

PEOPLE AGAINST DOCTOR CHAPMAN. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

PEOPLE AGAINST JUDGE MCINTYRE. See

  IRONSIDE.

PEOPLE: DO NOT SPINDLE, FOLD, OR MUTILATE (Filmstrip) Barrett/Yehle
Communications. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Session: 1. 130 fr.-–2. 154 fr.-–3. 164 fr.-–4. 165 fr.-–6.
  154 fr.-–7. 149 fr.

  Appl. author: Dwight H. Barrett.

  © Barrett/Yehle Advertising & Public Relations, Inc. d.b.a.
  Barrett/Yehle Communications; 7May71; JP14073, 14071, 14069, 14072,
  14074, 14070.

PEOPLE: DO NOT SPINDLE, FOLD OR MUTILATE. Session 5 (Filmstrip) B/Y
Communications. 173 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Dwight H. Barrett.
© Barrett/Yehle Advertising & Public Relations, Inc. d.b.a. B/Y
Communications a.a.d.o. Barrett/Yehle Communications; 7May71; JP14141.

PEOPLE OF THE NETHERLANDS. See

  THE NETHERLANDS: BLUEPRINT FOR AN URBAN SOCIETY.

PERFORMANCE. Goodtimes Enterprises. Released by Warner Bros. 105 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: James Fox, Mick Jagger, Anita Pallenberg, Michele Breton, Johnny
  Shannon.

  © Warner Bros., Inc.; 3Aug70; LP40892.

THE PERFORMING ARTS. McGraw-Hill Films. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Humanities series) Produced in collaboration with Cinemakers. Appl.
author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 23Sep71; MP22439.

PERFORMING THE LUMBAR PUNCTURE. Columbia University, College of
Physicians & Surgeons. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Columbia
University, College of Physicians & Surgeons; 5Apr72; MP22605.

THE PERMANENT HOUSE GUEST. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 24.

PERMANENT WAVE. Pt. 1. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (The cosmetology series, no. 763) Loop film. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22871.

PERMANENT WAVE. Pt. 2. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 764) Loop film. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22717.

PERRY BROTHERS PROMISE. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

PERSONAL APPEARANCE. See

  [JOB INTERVIEW]

PERSONAL ECONOMIC SECURITY. See

  THE AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES (FILMSTRIP)

PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: A LOOK AT BORROWING.
Videorecord Corp. of America. 5 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette
(3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, George Beker.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22543.

PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: A LOOK AT BUDGETING.
Videorecord Corp. of America. 5 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette
(3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, George Beker.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22548.

PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: NET WORTH. Videorecord Corp.
of America. 5 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, George Beker.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22690.

PERSONALITY. CRM Productions. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Psychology
today films) © Communications Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22365.

PERSONNEL DIRECTOR. SEE

  [JOB INTERVIEW]

PERSPECTIVE IN ART. See

  [ART]

PETER RABBIT & TALES OF BEATRIX POTTER. E.M.I. Films Productions.
Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Richard Goodwin; director, Reginald Mills; screen
  adaptation, Richard Goodwin & Christine Edzard; music, John Lanchbery;
  choreography, Frederick Ashton.

  Cast: Frederick Ashton, Alexander Grant, Ann Howard, Julie Wood, Keith
  Martin.

  © E.M.I. Films Productions, Ltd.; 16Jul71; LP40566.

[PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Pfizer, Inc. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.

  Coach. © 4Oct71; MP22342.

  Crawling baby. © 7Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22372.

  Essence. © 27Nov71; MP22330.

  Expressive male. © 8Nov71; MP22343.

  Farmer’s daughter. © 16Nov71; MP22332.

  Frog. © 19Oct71; MP22344.

  Pamper. © 11Nov71; MP22327.

  Polar lab rev. © 26Jul71; MP22331.

  Service station. © 28May71; MP22345.

  Slow motion. © 6Jul71; MP22333.

PHIL ESPOSITO PROMISES. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE PHILOSOPHY OF REHABILITATION AND ITS APPLICATION, PT. 1–2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 79–80.

PHOTOGRAPHY DARKROOM SERIES. See

  CONTACT PRINTING 35MM SLIDES.

  DEVELOPING ROLL FILM.

  ENLARGING.

  LOADING FILM WINDERS.

  LOADING STAINLESS STEEL REELS.

  LOADING 35MM FILM MAGAZINES.

[PHYSICAL EDUCATION] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 5
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: SS–810–-SS–814: Keeping fit. 41 fr.--Exercises for home and
  school. 41 fr.--Games for rainy days. 43 fr.--Classroom games. 43
  fr.--Games for recess. 41 fr.

  © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Jun71; JP13623.

PHYSICAL THERAPY. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Distributed by Blakiston Films.
17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Orientation to rehabilitation) Produced in
collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Dec71;
MP22590.

PIANO PLAYER. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

A PICTURE FOR HAROLD’S ROOM (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 63 fr.,
color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Based on the book of the same title by
Crockett Johnson. NM: selection & compilation. © on filmstrip; Weston
Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Oct71; A299316.

A PIECE OF THE ACTION. Coca-Cola Co., Foods Division. Made by Hal Suit &
Associates. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coca-Cola Co.; 29Apr72;
MP22672.

THE PIED PIPER. Sagittarius Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Goodtimes Enterprises film.

  Credits: Producers, David Puttnam & Sanford Lieberson; director,
  Jacques Demy; story & screenplay, Andrew Birkin, Jacques Demy & Mark
  Peploe; music, Donovan; photographer, Peter Suschitzky; editor, John
  Trumper.

  Cast: Donovan, Donald Pleasence, Jack Wild, John Hurt, Cathryn
  Harrison.

  © Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 4Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP40871.

PIGS AND PIRATES (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 47 fr., color, 35 mm.
With manual, 1 v. Based on the book of the same title by Barbara Walker
& illustrated by Harold Berson. NM: selection & compilation. © on
filmstrip; Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Oct71; A299314.

THE PIPELINE TO DISASTER RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

PITCHER FATED GEEEE. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

PLACE OF REPTILES IN NATURE. See

  AMERICAN REPTILES IN THEIR ENVIRONMENT.

A PLACE TO PLAY. CCM Films & Environmental Action Coalition. Made by
Gordon/Glyn Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gordon/Glyn
Productions, Inc.; 24Aug71; MP22322.

PLANET EARTH. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in collaboration with National Aeronautics & Space
Administration. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec70; MP22274.

PLANET EARTH: CLOSE-UPS. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Produced in collaboration with National Aeronautics & Space
Administration. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70
(in notice: 1971); MP22270.

PLANET MARS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in cooperation with National Aeronautics & Space
Administration. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70
(in notice: 1971); MP22271.

PLANNING. See

  THINKING MAN’S GOLF: PLANNING.

PLANT GROWTH REGIONS. No. 635. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producer & photographer, B. L. Ruffner.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22669.

PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950’S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES. Pt.
3: The crisis in education (Filmstrip) Louisiana Audio Visuals. 40 fr.,
color and b&w, 35 mm.

  Credits: By Sue Eakin.

  © Louisiana Audio Visuals, division of Southern Audio Visuals Corp.;
  15Dec71; JP13665.

PLAY CLAY. ACI Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (At your fingertips)

  Credits: By Peter & Mary Anna Winkler.

  © ACI Films, Inc.; 20Jan70; MP22557.

PLAY IT AGAIN, SAM. Apjac Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corp. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the play by Woody Allen.

  Credits: Producer, Arthur P. Jacobs; director, Herbert Ross;
  screenplay, Woody Allen; music, Billy Goldenberg; director of
  photography, Owen Roizman; film editor, Marion Rothman.

  Cast: Woody Allen, Diane Keaton, Tony Roberts, Jerry Lacy, Susan
  Anspach.

  © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 17Mar72; LP40869.

THE PLAYER. International Cinema. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Techniscope.

  Credits: Executive/producer, Gordon C. Ogden; writer/director, Thomas
  De Martini; music, Shorty Rogers; cinematographer/editor, George
  Gilbert Daugherty.

  Cast: Minnesota Fats, Jerry Como, Rae Phillips, Carey Wilmot, Jack
  Colavita.

  © International Cinema, Inc.; 1Jun71; LP40415.

PLEASE DON’T FEED THE ASTRONAUTS. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 81.

PLEASE DON’T GIVE MY JEANNIE NO MORE WINE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 128.

POISON PLANTS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 23Dec71 (in
notice: 1972); MP22297.

POISONING, BURNS AND INJURIES TO BONES. See

  FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.

POLAR LAB REV. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

POLITENESS. See

  VALUES.

POLITICAL AND TOPOGRAPHIC MAPS. See

  WORKING WITH MAPS.

THE POLITICIAN. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

POLLUTION (Filmstrip) Life Filmstrips. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 4–5: The Hudson River, history and ecology. 73 fr.--The
  Hudson River, causes & results of pollution. 81 fr.

  Credits: Prepared by Nancy Genet; technical production, Time-Life
  Photo Lab.

  NM: compilation.

  © Time, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13636–13637.

POLLUTION (Filmstrip) Life Filmstrips. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 6–7: An avalanche of trash. 60 fr.--A disposal crisis.
  73 fr.

  Credits: Prepared by Nancy Genet; technical production, Time-Life
  Photo Lab.

  NM: compilation.

  © Time, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13638–13639.

POLLUTION. Pt. 8: Reclaiming our waste (Filmstrip) Life Filmstrips. 65
fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Technical production, Time-Life Photo Lab.

  NM: compilation.

  © Time, Inc.; 1Oct71; JP13640.

POOR PEOPLES’ CAMPAIGN. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project) NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22232.

POPULATION GENETICS. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.

POPULATIONS. Centron Educational Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Centron Corp., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22307.

PORTABLE FIRE EXTINGUISHERS. Teaching Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8438.

PORTLAND, OREGON. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 49.

THE PORTSMOUTH CONFERENCE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 332) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22236.

POSITIONING. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 12.

THE POSSESSION OF JOEL DELANEY. Incorporated Television Co. Released by
Paramount Pictures Corp. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a novel
by Ramona Stewart.

  Credits: Director, Waris Hussein; screenplay, Matt Robinson & Grimes
  Grice; music, Joe Raposo; director of photography, Arthur Ornitz; film
  editor, John Victor Smith.

  Cast: Shirley MacLaine, Perry King, Lisa Kohane, David Elliott,
  Lovelady Powell.

  © ITC, Incorporated Television Co., Ltd.; 31Dec71; LP40883.

POSSUM’S STRANGE NAME. See

  TALES FOR YOUNG IMAGINATIONS.

POST CRANIOTOMY. See

  NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

POUND. Pound Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 92 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Floyd L. Peterson; writer & director, Robert
  Downey.

  Cast: Joe Madden, James Green, Mari-Claire Charba, L. Erroll Jaye,
  Carolyn Cardwell.

  © Pound Films, Ltd.; 17Aug70; LP40363.

POWER AND WHEELS: THE AUTOMOBILE IN MODERN LIFE. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp.; 22May72; MP22868.

POWER OF LIFE AND DEATH. See

  BONANZA.

THE POWER OF POLITE PERSISTENCE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Chrysler Corp.; 26Apr72; JP14020.

POWER PLAY. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THE PRECIOUS YEARS. American Broadcasting Companies. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Now) A presentation of ABC News. © American Broadcasting
Companies, Inc.; 8Jun70; MP22391.

PRELUDE TO MUSIC. See

  SOUND.

PREPARING FOR FARROWING. A.S.6, Pace Productions. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Feb71 (in notice:
1970); MP22679.

PREPARING FOR VARIABLE MODULAR SCHEDULING. Educational Coordinates. 1
reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Coordinates, Inc.; 16Oct70;
MP22504.

PREPARING MICROSCOPE SLIDES I. See

  BIOLOGICAL LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

PREPARING MICROSCOPE SLIDES II. See

  BIOLOGICAL LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

THE PRESENT PROGRESSIVE TENSE (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. With tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; JP13957.

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: TOO MUCH POWER? Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. Made by Concept Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Commentary, Hubert H. Humphrey.

  Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: script & additional
  cinematography.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 23Feb72; MP22869.

PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1924. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 357) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22251.

PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1928. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 364) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22253.

PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1932. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 370) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22258.

PREVENTION OF COMPLICATIONS OF BED REST. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 11.

PRICE OF CREDIT. See

  CONSUMER STUDIES.

PRICE OF JUSTICE. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

PRICE OF THE HANGING. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

PRICES: BALANCE WHEEL OF THE ECONOMY (Filmstrip) National Assn. of
Manufacturers of the United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 66 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book.
Co. © National Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1971); JP14038.

PRINCIPLES OF ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 16.

PRINCIPLES OF MECHANICAL WEIGHING (Filmstrip) Toledo Scale Training
Center, Toledo Scales & Systems. 110 fr., color, 35 mm. © Reliance
Electric Co.; 19Apr72; JU13041.

THE PRINCIPLES OF MODERN DANCE (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 334–1–-334–4: Introduction to modern dance. 56
  fr.--Techniques of dance movements. 57 fr.--Dance composition. 59
  fr.--Dance performance. 49 fr.

  Credits: Author, Revell Shaw; photographer, Bill Snyder.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 9Mar72; JP14106, 14109–14107.

PRINTING PRESS, GUTENBERG. See

  IMPORTANT INVENTORS.

PRIVACY AND FREEDOM. See

  YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE COVERAGES & RATING (Filmstrip) Insurance
Careers Institute. Made by Automated Training International. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Fire & casualty insurance rating, course 1)

  Contents: Lesson 1–4: Introduction to automobile insurance. 52
  fr.--Rating principals. 66 fr.--Rating practice. 66 fr.--Additional
  rating considerations. 61 fr.

  © Insurance Careers Institute, Inc. (ICI); 13Apr71; JP13570.

PRIVATE WORLD OF MARTIN DALTON. See

  THE PSYCHIATRIST.

PROBLEMS AND APPROACHES IN SELF-PACED MODULAR PROGRAMS. School Science &
Mathematics Assn. 25 min., sd. Videotape (1/2 in.) Produced in
cooperation with University of Georgia Educational Media Center.

  Credits: Producers, directors & writers, William Capie & Nyles Stauss;
  narrator, William Capie; video, Nyles Stauss; illustrator, Elaine
  Benefield.

  © School Science & Mathematics Assn., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22872.

PROCEDURES AT THE SCENE OF AN ACCIDENT. See

  FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.

PROCESS OF TAKING TEMPERATURE, PULSE AND RESPIRATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 9.

PROCESS UNIT: TOWER, FLANGES AND PUMP PACKING FIRES. Teaching Films. 12
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Industrial fire protection and control) ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 10Apr72; MU8443.

THE PRODIGAL SON. Ben Hilbert. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Music, Jon Stoll.

  Cast: Peggy Thompson, Germaine Kramlinger.

  © Ben Hilbert; 29Nov71; LP40402.

PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. With tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; JP13962.

PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS. Pt. 6 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. With tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; JP13958.

PRODUCERS AND PRODUCING. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

PRODUCTION OPERATIONS, COURSE 1. See

  WELL COMPLETIONS.

PRODUCTIVITY: THE KEY TO BETTER LIVING (Filmstrip) National Assn. of
Manufacturers of the United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 76 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
Co. © National Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1971); JP14035.

PROFESSIONAL SALESMANSHIP. Wohl Shoe Co. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Wohl Shoe Co.; 15Dec71; MP22301.

PROFESSOR PERSUADER (Filmstrip) American Cancer Society, Pennsylvania
Division. Made by Pan Media. 12 fr., color, 35 mm. © American Cancer
Society, Inc.; 17Feb71 (in notice: 1970); JP13653.

A PROFILE OF AN AGING PERSON. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 82.

PROFITS: FUEL OF THE ECONOMY (Filmstrip) National Assn. of Manufacturers
of the United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 64 fr., color, 35 mm.
(American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © National
Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in notice: 1971);
JP14037.

PROGRESS REPORT: CHRISTIAN SCIENCE CENTER. Christian Science Board of
Directors. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of
Directors; 11Feb72; MU8402.

THE PROGRESSIVE ERA. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 23 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Reform works in America) NM: compilation & additions.
© Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 19Aug71; MP22210.

PROHIBITION: ILLEGAL LIQUOR TRAFFIC. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 349) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22246.

PROHIBITIVE PARKING. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

PROJECT DUGOUT. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation authorship. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70 (in notice: 1971); MP22284.

PROJECT GASBUGGY. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation
authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP22275.

PROJECT GNOME. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation authorship. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70 (in notice: 1971); MP22283.

PROJECT I.M.A.G.E.-I. Devereux Foundation, Greendale Day School. 27
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author: George E. DeHaven. © Devereux
Foundation; 1Sep71; MP22404.

PROJECT PERSIMMON. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color. Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation
authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70 (in notice: 1971); MP22282.

PROJECT PLOWSHARE. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation
authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70 (in notice: 1971); MP22281.

PROJECT SALT VAULT. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation
authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP22276.

PROJECTIONS. See

  WORKING WITH MAPS.

PROPERTIES OF ANIMALS. See

  CLASSIFYING.

PROPERTIES OF LEAVES. See

  CLASSIFYING.

PROPHET. See

  WILLIAM BLAKE.

PROSTHETICS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Distributed by Blakiston Films. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Orientation to rehabilitation) Produced in
collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Dec71;
MP22595.

PROTECTING EACH INDIVIDUAL. See

  YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

PROTECTING OURSELVES. See

  FAMILY LIVING SET.

PROTECTING WHAT THE FAMILY HAS. See

  MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.

PSYCHEDELICS: A WAY TO TRAVEL. See

  DRUGS IN TODAY’S WORLD.

THE PSYCHIATRIST. Arena Productions & Universal Television. Distributed
by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. (Four-in-one)
Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc. & Arena
Productions, Inc.

  Ex-Sgt. Randell file, U.S.A. Credits: Producer, Jerrold Freedman;
  director, Jeff Corey; writer, James Woodall. Cast: John Rubinstein,
  Roy Thinnes, Michael Meyers, B. J. Mason, Kiel Martin. © 3Mar71 (in
  notice: 1970); LP40911.

  In death’s other kingdom. Credits: Producer, director & writer,
  Jerrold Freedman. Cast: Roy Thinnes, Luther Adler, Pete Duel, Jonathan
  Daly, Melendy Britt. © 3Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40907.

  The longer trail. Credits: Producer, Jerrold Freedman; director, Doug
  Stewart; writer, Charles E. Israel. Cast: Roy Thinnes, Luther Adler,
  Jill Haworth, Reni Santoni, Jay Silverheels. © 24Feb71 (in notice:
  1970); LP40910.

  Par for the course. From a story by Thomas Y. Drake. Credits:
  Producer, Jerrold Freedman; director, Steven Spielberg; writers,
  Thomas Y. Drake, Herb Bermann, Jerrold Freedman & Bo May. Cast: Roy
  Thinnes, Clu Gulager, Luther Adler, David Astor, Joan Darling. ©
  10Mar71 (In notice: 1970); LP40912.

  The private world of Martin Dalton. Credits: Producer, Jerrold
  Freedman; director, Steven Spielberg; writer, Bo May. Cast: Roy
  Thinnes, Luther Adler, Stephen Hudis, Jim Hutton, Kate Woodville. ©
  10Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40908.

  Such civil war in my love and hate. Based on a story by Jack Morse.
  Credits: Producer, Jerrold Freedman; director: Daryl Duke; writers,
  Jack Morse & Bo May. Cast: Brenda Vaccaro, Roy Thinnes, Luther Adler,
  Paul Carr, Eddie Rayden. © 17Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP40909.

THE PSYCHIATRIST: GOD BLESS THE CHILDREN. Universal Television & Arena
Productions. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Roy Thinnes, Peter Duel, Luther Adler, Katherine Justice, Joy
  Bang.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc. & Arena Productions, Inc.; 12Dec70;
  LP40577.

PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF DISABILITY. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Distributed by
Blakiston Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Orientation to
rehabilitation) Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. ©
McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Dec71; MP22596.

PSYCHOLOGY TODAY FILMS. See

  ABNORMAL BEHAVIOR.

  ASPECTS OF BEHAVIOR.

  DEVELOPMENT.

  INFORMATION PROCESSING.

  LEARNING.

  PERSONALITY.

  SENSORY WORLD.

  SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY.

PUPPETS. ACI Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rediscovery: art
media) © ACI Productions, Inc.; 5May67; MP22561.

PUPPETS YOU CAN MAKE. Coronet Instructional Films. Made by Northern
Illinois University Communication Services. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Miles Breen.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Jul71;
  MP22153.

THE PURITAN LEGACY (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2 filmstrips, color, 35
mm. With discussion guide, by Aline Benjamin, 45 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: Saints and sinners. 55 fr.--The work ethic. 54 fr.

  Credits: Writer, Joseph Alvarez; editor, Alison Weigel; photographer,
  Ron Tunison.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Joseph Alvarez & Aline Benjamin.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 8May72; A337108.

PURLIE VICTORIOUS. See

  GONE ARE THE DAYS.

PUSH. Wombat Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wombat
Productions, Inc.; 1Apr72; MP22705.


                                   Q

QUALITY OF LIFE. See

  EDEN IN PERIL.

¿QUIEN SOY YO? San Antonio Independent School District. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced in collaboration with Sutherland
Learning Associates. Appl. authors: Dan & Elaine Weisburd. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; LP40806.

QUINCUNX. See

  IRONSIDE.


                                   R

THE RABBIT WHO WANTED RED WINGS. Folklore Puppets Productions. 1 reel,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Ann Cohen & Bea Geller. © Folklore
Puppets Productions; 28Oct71; LP40434.

RACE FOR LIFE. See

  LASSIE.

RADIOLOGY TECHNICIAN. See

  JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.

THE RAGE TO WIN. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 3.

RAIN. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

RAINING SUNSHINE. See

  GUESS WHERE WE WENT TODAY.

A RAINY DAY STORY. Centron Educational Films. Made by Phoenix
Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Phoenix Productions; 6Mar72;
MP22569.

RAPID RUNNING AND THE GRAND CANYON. Henry R. Falany & W. Richard Jantz.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Henry R. Falany & W. Richard Jantz;
7Feb72; MU8404.

THE RAT PATROL. Mirisch-Rich Television Productions. Released by United
Artists Television. Approx. 26 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
association with Tom Gries, Inc. © Mirisch-Rich Television Productions.

  The dare devil rescue raid. Credits: Director, John Peyser; writer,
  Michael Hoey. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast,
  Lawrence Casey, Justin Tarr. © 1Dec66; LP40718.

  The darers go first raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Paul Stanley; writer, Mark Weingart. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 20Sep67; LP40734.

  The darkest raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Leon
  Benson; writer, Dean Hargrove. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond,
  Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 24Aug67; LP40741.

  The David and Goliath raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Herschel Daugherty; writer, Sheldon Stark. Cast: Christopher George,
  Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 15Aug67;
  LP40739.

  The death do us part raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Frank Baur; writer, Anthony Lawrence. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 4Oct67; LP40735.

  The decoy raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Sutton
  Roley; writer, Robert Sherman. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond,
  Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 5Jan68 (in notice: 1967);
  LP40732.

  The fifth wheel raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Robert
  Sparr; writer, Richard De Roy. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond,
  Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 24Nov67; LP40736.

  The last harbor raid, pt. 2. Credits: Director, John Peyser; teleplay,
  Richard Landau; story, John Peyser & Richard Landau. Cast: Christopher
  George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Lawrence Casey, Justin Tarr. ©
  19Dec66; LP40719.

  The last harbor raid, pt. 3. Credits: Director, John Peyser; teleplay,
  Richard Landau; story, John Peyser & Richard Landau. Cast: Christopher
  George, Gary Raymond, Lawrence Casey, Justin Tarr, Claudine Longet. ©
  27Dec66; LP40720.

  The lighthouse raid. Credits: Director, John Peyser; writer, Daniel L.
  Aubry. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Lawrence
  Tarr. © 25Nov66; LP40717.

  The love thine enemy raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Herschel Daugherty; writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: Christopher George,
  Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 15Aug67;
  LP40740.

  The street urchin raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Leon
  Benson; writer, Don Brinkley. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond,
  Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 6Dec67; LP40737.

  The trial by fire raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Sutton Roley; writer, Peter Allan Fields. Cast: Christopher George,
  Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 7Sep67;
  LP40733.

  The truce at Aburaha raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Sutton Roley; writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 24Aug67; LP40738.

THE RAT PATROL. Mirisch T.V. Released by United Artists Television.
Approx. 26 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with
Tom Gries, Inc. © Mirisch T.V., Inc.

  The boomerang raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Robert
  Sparr; writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 20Dec67; LP40730.

  The do re mi raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Robert
  Sparr; writer, Don Brinkley. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond,
  Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 7Sep67; LP40867.

  The fatal reunion raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Herschel Daughtery; writer, Don Brinkley. Cast: Christopher George,
  Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 2Jan68 (in
  notice: 1967); LP40731.

  The field of death raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Herschel Daugherty; writer, Richard K. Brockway. Cast: Christopher
  George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. ©
  19Jan68; LP40722.

  The hickory, dickory dock raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein;
  director, Frank Baur; writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: Christopher
  George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. ©
  30Jan68; LP40723.

  The hide and go seek raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Sutton Roley; writer, Mark Weingart. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 6Nov67; LP40727.

  The kill at Koorlea raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Eddie Davis; writer, Edward J. Lakso. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 12Feb68; LP40724.

  The kingdom come raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Frank
  Baur; writer, Robert Sherman. Cast: Christopher George, Gary Raymond,
  Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 30Oct67; LP40904.

  The life for a life raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Sutton Roley; writers, Quentin Sparr & Don Brinkley. Cast: Christopher
  George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. ©
  17Nov67; LP40728.

  The never say die raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Herschel Daughtery; writer, Dean Hargrove. Cast: Christopher George,
  Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 14Feb68;
  LP40725.

  The pipeline to disaster raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein;
  director, Sutton Roley; writers, Al Ramrus & John Shaner. Cast:
  Christopher George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin
  Tarr. © 12Dec67; LP40906.

  The touch and go raid. Credits: Producer, John Epstein; director,
  Herschel Daugherty; writer, Peter Allan Fields. Cast: Christopher
  George, Gary Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. ©
  16Jan68; LP40721.

  The tug of war raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Jack N.
  Reddish; writer, Mark Weingart. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 16Feb68; LP40726.

  The two if by sea raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Robert Sparr; writer, Mark Weingart. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 29Nov67; LP40729.

  The violent truce raid. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Eddie Davis; writer, Don Brinkley. Cast: Christopher George, Gary
  Raymond, Hans Gudegast, Larry Casey, Justin Tarr. © 19Nov67; LP40905.

RATING PRACTICE. See

  PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE COVERAGES & RATING.

RATING PRINCIPALS. See

  PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE COVERAGES & RATING.

REACHIN’. Christian Science Board of Directors. 4 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 12Jan72; MU8389.

READING A ROAD MAP. See

  [MAP READING]

READING SKILLS. See

  THE VOWEL “A.”

  THE VOWEL “E.”

  THE VOWEL “I.”

  THE VOWEL “O.”

  THE VOWEL “U.”

REAL PROBLEMS FACING US (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X–210–A--X–210–F: Man and the physical environment. 53
  fr.--Technology and the individual. 44 fr.--Government and one hundred
  million people. 47 fr.--Humanity and the need for change. 52
  fr.--Defeat and ineffectuality. 61 fr.--The individual and education.
  57 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13710, 13716, 13699, 13719,
  13723, 13700.

REALISTIC STILL LIFE. See

  ART: REALISTIC STILL LIFE.

RECLAIMING OUR WASTE. See

  POLLUTION.

RECOGNIZING THEM. See

  FORM CLASS WORDS.

RECORDING TRANSACTIONS: HOW. See

  THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.

RECORDING TRANSACTIONS: WHERE. See

  THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.

RECREATION. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

RED CELL SERIES. See

  PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY: A MORPHOLOGIC APPROACH TO DIAGNOSIS.

REDISCOVERY: ART MEDIA. See

  COLLAGE.

  CRAYON.

  PAPER CONSTRUCTION.

  PAPER MACHE.

  PUPPETS.

THE RED SCARE: ARRESTS AND DEPORTATIONS (1917–1920) Thorne Films. 4
min., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 343) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22419.

REFLECTION (Filmstrip) Instructional Systems. Made by Image Pub. Corp.
69 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Wayne Croft; writer, Donald M. Friedman;
  photographer, Martin Bough.

  © Scope; 4Dec71; JP13738.

REFLECTION. See

  LAWS OF SCIENCE.

REFLECTIONS OF MYSELF: THE ADOLESCENT EXPERIENCE (Filmstrip). Guidance
Associates of Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace
Jovanovich. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 96 fr.; pt. 2, 99 fr.), color, 35 mm.
With discussion guide, 68 p.

  Credits: Writer, Lauren Harper; photographers, Jeffrey Foxx, Jerry
  Spearman, Ron Tunison; editor, James Relyea.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Lauren Harper & Samuel Wagonfeld (discussion guide).

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 28Apr72; A335922.

REFORM WORKS IN AMERICA. See

  THE PROGRESSIVE ERA.

REGIMENTAL LINE. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

REHABILITATION: AN INSIDE VIEW. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 81.

RELIGION. See

  JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.

THE RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE. McGraw-Hill Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Humanities series) Produced in collaboration with William
Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
16Dec71; MP22099.

RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN AMERICA’S BEGINNINGS. Coronet Instructional Films.
14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 27Jul71; MP22146.

RELIGIOUS HAVENS. See

  COLONIAL AMERICA.

RELUCTANT AMERICAN. See

  BONANZA.

REMEMBER THIS. See

  [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

RENAL FACTORS IN BLOOD-PRESSURE REGULATION. Upjohn Co. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Upjohn Mini-Text series)

  Cast: Irvine H. Page.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 9Sep65, MU7646. NM: prologue.

  © Upjohn Co.; 8Mar71; MP22094.

THE REPEATER. Praxis Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director & writer, Stacy Keach; narrator, Stefan Gierasch;
  music, Jonathan Hipps; director of photography, Jack Wright; editor,
  Hart Perry.

  Cast: Stacy Keach & Judy Collins.

  © Praxis Productions, Ltd.; 18Jul71; LP40531.

A REPORT THAT REPORTS. See

  HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.

REPOTTING PLANTS. See

  THE HOME GARDENER: REPOTTING PLANTS.

THE REPRODUCER. John Wiley & Sons. 29 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Edward H. Rategan.

  © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 5Apr71; MP22093.

REPTILES. See

  INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES.

REPUBLIC STEEL STRIKE POLICE RIOT (MEMORIAL DAY MASSACRE) Thorne Films.
4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 371)
Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22426.

RESCUE ON A STRANGE PLANET. King Screen Productions. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Adventures of Trogmoffy, film 2) © King Broadcasting
Co.; 3Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22329.

RESCUE SQUAD. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The world of work) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 7Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22304.

RESELLING OLD ACCOUNTS BY PHONE. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

RESISTANCE. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22171.

RESISTANCE. See

  PARALLEL CIRCUITS.

  SERIES CIRCUITS.

RESISTANCE MEASUREMENT AND COLOR CODE. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22182.

RESPIRATION IN THE HUMAN BODY, SIMPLIFIED (Filmstrip) Health Education
Aids. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Leila Louise Cluff. © Leila
Louise Cluff d.b.a. Health Education Aids; 21Apr72; JP14128.

RESPIRATORY SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University.
14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 27Oct71; MP22130.

RESPONSIBILITY. See

  VALUES.

RESULTS MANAGEMENT. Schleh Associates. 3 reels, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Schleh Associates, Inc.; 26Nov71; MP22289.

RESURRECTION OF JESUS. See

  THE PASSION TO EASTER STORY OF JESUS.

RETIREDS. See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

RETURN OF ESTABAN. See

  BEARCATS.

REVIEWING THE ELEMENTS OF A MAP. See

  WORKING WITH MAPS.

THE REVOLUTION (Filmstrip) American Heritage Pub. Co. Distributed by
McGraw-Hill Films. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (American Heritage sound
filmstrips) With Teachers guide, 24 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–5: Eve of revolt. 43 fr.--Toward independence. 36
  fr.--The times that try men’s souls. 46 fr.--Frontiers aflame. 41
  fr.--Independence won. 47 fr.

  Credits: Narrator, Peter Thomas; Frederick Fennell, conductor;
  audiovisual production, Westport Communications Group, Inc.

  Appl. author: American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc., employer for hire.

  © American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc.; 12Apr71; JP13587.

RHYTHM IN MUSIC. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.

THE RICHEST ASTRONAUT IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 17.

RICO CARTY OFFER. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

RICO RIDES AGAIN. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

RIDDLE IN ROOM SIX. See

  IRONSIDE.

RIDE ’EM, ASTRONAUT. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 102.

RIGHT NOW, IT’S A LOVE TRIP (Filmstrip) Planned Parenthood/World
Population. Made by Circle Productions. 140 fr., color, 35 mm. © Circle
Productions, Inc.; 3Jan72; JU12989.

THE RIGHT WHALE AT HOME. New York Zoological Society. 17 reels, sd.,
b&w. © New York Zoological Society; 11Feb72; MU8410.

THE RING. Todd Tuckey. 8 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Todd Tuckey;
13Dec71; LU3620.

THE RINGER. Hearst Metrotone News. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Hearst
Metrotone; 15Mar72; MP22608.

RITUAL OF EVIL. Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min., sd., color,
35 mm.

  Cast: Anne Baxter, Belinda Montgomery, John McMartin, Louis Jourdan,
  Diana Hyland.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Feb70; LP40573.

THE RIVER AND THE OCEAN. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 4.

THE ROAD TO DAMASCUS. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

ROADABILITY AND HANDLING (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
session no. 72–7) © Chrysler Corp.; 14Apr72; JP13974.

ROBERT GODDARD: ADVANCED ROCKET EXPERIMENTS, NEW MEXICO. Thorne Films. 4
min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 307) Loop
film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15Oct71; MP22828.

ROBERT GODDARD: EARLY ROCKET EXPERIMENTS, MASSACHUSETTS. Thorne Films. 4
min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 306) Loop
film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15Oct71; MP22827.

ROBERTA FLACK. ETS Program Service. Made by WETA. 29 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71; MP22326.

ROCKETS, SATELLITES, AND SPACECRAFT (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 82 fr.,
color, 55 mm. © Sanderson Films, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13611.

ROCKS AND MINERALS: HOW WE IDENTIFY THEM. Coronet Instructional Films.
14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of
Esquire, Inc.; 3May71; MP22162.

THE ROLLING RICE BALL. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

ROOM WITH A VIEW. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

THE ROWDYMAN. Canart Films. Distributed by Crawley Films. 96 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Lawrence Dane; director, Peter Carter; writer,
  Gordon Pinsent; music, Ben McPeek; director of photography, Edmund
  Long; editor, M. C. Manne.

  Cast: Gordon Pinsent, Frank Converse, Will Geer, Linda Goranson, E. P.
  “Ted” Henley.

  © Agincourt Productions, Ltd. & Film Associates; 24Mar72; LU3626.

RUDY POZZATTI. ETS Program Service. Made by WTIU. 29 min., sd. color, 16
mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71; MP22325.

RUN A CROOKED MILE. Universal Pictures, Ltd. Released by MCA-TV. 106
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Louis Jourdan, Mary Tyler Moore, Stanley Holloway, Terence
  Alexander, Laurence Naismith.

  © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 18Nov69; LP40488.

RUSSIAN ROULETTE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 13.


                                   S

SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 51.

THE SACRIFICE OF ABRAHAM. See

  ABRAHAM, FATHER OF BELIEVERS.

THE SAD LITTLE CLOWN. Mildred Osgood LeVor. 23 min., sd.

  Credits: Writer & narrator, Jerry Twedt.

  © Mildred Osgood LeVor; 13Apr72; MU8428.

SAFE IN THE WATER. FilmFair Communications. Distributed by Trend Films.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 31Jan72; MP22403.

A SAFE PLACE. Noonie Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures. 95
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Harold Schneider; director & writer, Henry Jaglom;
  director of photography, Dick Kratina; film editor, Pieter Bergema.

  Cast: Tuesday Weld, Orson Welles, Jack Nicholson, Philip Proctor, Gwen
  Welles.

  © Noonie Productions, Inc.; 15Oct71; LP40872.

SAFETY: PLAYGROUND SPIRITS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Joy of growing) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 20Mar72; MP22674.

SAFETY: THE HELPFUL BURGLARS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Joy of growing) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 27Oct71; MP22218.

SAFETY: THE TRAFFIC JUNGLE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 7
min., ed., color, 16 mm. (Joy of growing) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 25Oct71; MP22214.

ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 36.

SAINTS AND SINNERS. See

  THE PURITAN LEGACY.

SAMMY’S VISIT. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA. See

  FRIENDS.

SAN FRANCISCO BAY MODEL. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Produced in collaboration with U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP22278.

SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 52.

SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL. Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Pernell Roberts, Clu Gulager, David Hartman, Van Johnson, Tab
  Hunter.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Sep70; LP40571.

SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT. Universal City Studios. Distributed
by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. (Four-in-one)
Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  Crisis on runway 26. Credits: Producer, Paul Mason; director, Allen
  Reisner; writers, Ed Lakso, Richard Levinson, William Link & others.
  Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Clu Gulager, Barbara Werle, Barbara Sigel, Dane
  Clark. © 25Nov70; LP40917.

  Emergency alert. Credits: Producer, Paul Mason; director, Boris Sagal;
  writer, William P. McGivern. Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Clu Gulager, Barbara
  Werle, Barbara Sigel, James Olson. © 28Oct70; LP40913.

  The high cost of nightmares. Credits: Producer, Paul Mason; director,
  Dan Petrie; writer, William P. McGivern. Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Clu
  Gulager, Barbara Werle, Morgan Jones, Albert Salmi. © 2Dec70; LP40918.

  Hostage. Credits: Producer, Paul Mason; director, Boris Sagal;
  writers, Sy Salkowitz, Richard Landau, Paul Mason. Cast: Lloyd
  Bridges, Clu Gulager, Barbara Werle, Barbara Sigel, Scott Brady. ©
  11Nov70; LP40915.

  Supersonic transport. Credits: Producer, Paul Mason; director, Richard
  Benedict; writers, John Furia, Jr., Leonel E. Siegel, Paul Mason.
  Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Clu Gulager, Barbara Werle, Lew Ayres, Phil Pine.
  © 18Nov70; LP40916.

  We once came home to parades. Credits: Producer, Paul Mason; director,
  James Neilson; writers, William Douglas Lansford, Robert Sabaroff,
  Paul Mason. Cast: Lloyd Bridges, Clu Gulager, Barbara Werle, Robert
  Webber, Tim Matheson. © 4Nov70; LP40914.

SANDCASTLE (Filmstrip) Instructional Systems. Made by Image Pub. Corp.
55 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Wayne Croft; writer, Henry F. Scarpelli;
  photographer, Martin Bough.

  © Scope; 4Dec71; JP13737.

SAVAGE EYE. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

SAVING WHAT’S LEFT (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: No. X215A-X215F: When the grass was green and the water
  blue. 60 fr.--Ill fares the land. 61 fr.--What is conservation? 63
  fr.--Utilizing our resources. 65 fr.--Adding to our resources. 66
  fr.--Our human resources. 65 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco; general editor,
  Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13941, 13835, 13909, 13858,
  13985, 13822.

SAVINGS ACCOUNT. See

  [BANKING]

SCALP TREATMENT. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 772) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22725.

SCHOOL WITHOUT WALLS. Advance Schools. Made by Pilot Productions. 1
reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Advance Schools, Inc.; 10Apr72; LU3627.

SCHOONER THE BETTER. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SCIENCE PROCESSES SERIES, SET 3. See

  CLASSIFYING.

SCIENTIFIC OBSERVATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 24.

SCOPES TRIAL. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm.
documents project, no. 358) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  ©Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22423.

SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. Hearst Metrotone News. Approx. 15 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.

  v. 13, issue

  1. Water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink. Color. © 14Sep70;
  MP22643.

  2. Focus on the United Nations. © 29Sep70; MP22644.

  3. Focus on the Middle East. © 28Oct70; MP22645.

  4. Charles de Gaulle-–1890–1970. © 2Dec70; MP22646.

  5. A fortnight at nine fathoms. Color. © 4Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
  MP22647.

  6. The heart of America. © 1Feb71; MP22648.

  7. A visit to Fra Mauro. © 3Mar71; MP22649.

  8. Ancient land, troubled land. © 31Mar71; MP22650.

  9. The automobile in America. © 29Apr71; MP22651.

THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA. Pt. 4; The West Sudan (Filmstrip) Life
Filmstrips. 75 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Prepared by Susanne Greene; technical production, Time-Life
  Photo Lab.

  NM: compilation.

  © Time, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13634.

THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA. Pt. 5: The Guinea coast (Filmstrip) Life
Filmstrips. 89 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Prepared by Margaretta Barton; technical production,
  Time-Life Photo Lab.

  NM: compilation.

  © Time, Inc.; 1Jun71; JP13635.

SCULPTURE: THE FORMS OF LIFE. McGraw-Hill Films. 24 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The humanities series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22877.

SEA GULLS. See

  WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.

SEARCH FOR EXTRATERRESTRIAL LIFE (Filmstrip) Creation-Science Research
Center. 121 fr., color, 35 mm. With guide, 1 v.

  Credits: Narrator, John G. Read.

  © John G. Read; 21Dec71; A306410.

THE SEARCH FOR LESLIE GREY. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THE SEASHORE LIFEGUARD. William F. Phillips. 25 min., si., color, 16 mm.
© William F. Phillips; 21Jan72; MU8403.

SEATTLE, WASHINGTON. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 48.

A SECRETARY IS NOT A TOY. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 56.

SEEDS: HOW THEY GERMINATE. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Charles B. Heiser, Jr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Dec71;
  MP22378.

SEEING FRANCE (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Land and resources. 54 fr.--Agriculture and fishing. 55
  fr.--Industry and commerce. 54 fr.--History and government. 54
  fr.--Its people. 57 fr.--Its culture. 54 fr.

  Credits: Production & script, James C. Clark; photographer, James
  Oliver.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 27Dec71;
  JP13655.

SEEING JAPAN (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: Land and climate. 57 fr.--Industry and commerce. 52
  fr.--Agriculture and fishing. 54 fr.--Its history. 54 fr.--Its people.
  54 fr.--Its culture. 53 fr.

  Credits: Production, George Bookless; script, Nancy Greene;
  educational collaborator, Joseph E. Spencer; photographers, Joan &
  Milton Mann.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 16Sep71;
  JP13632.

SEEING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional
Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 7 p.

  Contents: Land and climate. 52 fr.--Farming and ranching. 54
  fr.--Mining and industry. 53 fr.--History and people. 55 fr.

  Credits: Production, M. George Jennings; script, Audrey J. Geis;
  educational collaborator, Tim K. Kelley; photographer, Marcel
  Couturier.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Jun71;
  JP13625.

SEEK AND DESTROY. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

SEIZURE. See

  NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

SELECTIVE REGRESSION. Everett A. Gladman Memorial Hospital. Made by Medi
Comp Co. 40 min., sd., b&w.

  Credits: Producer & director, Tod H. Mikuriya; continuity, Jacqui
  Schiff & Tod Mikuriya; graphics, Chuck Overton; cameramen, Chris Ammen
  & others; editors, Chris Ammen, Philip Pajalich & Katie Odin.

  © Everett A. Gladman Memorial Foundation (in notice: E. A. Gladman
  Foundation), Medi Comp Co. & Jacqui Schiff (in notice: Jacqui Schiff);
  1Feb71; MP22612.

SELLING IS COMMUNICATING. California Real Estate Assn. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © California Real Estate Assn.; 7Mar72 (in notice: 1971);
MP22891.

SELMA CIVIL RIGHTS MARCH. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 390) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22434.

SENATOR. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

SENSORY WORLD. CRM Productions. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Psychology today films) NM: compilation & additions. ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22368.

SENTINELS OF SILENCE. Producciones Concord. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Manuel Arango; director & writer, Robert Amram;
  narrator, Orson Welles; music composer, Mariano Moreno; photographer,
  James Freeman; editor, Alex Beaton.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 23Apr71, MU8342.

  © Concord, S.A.; 10Aug71; MP22308.

SEPARATE BUT EQUAL. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
23Dec71; MP22400.

SERIES CIRCUITS. Pt. 1: Current. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22199.

SERIES CIRCUITS. Pt. 2: Voltage. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22198.

SERIES CIRCUITS. Pt. 3: Resistance. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 2
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22197.

SERVICE STATION. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SETS AND SUBSETS. See

  CLASSIFYING.

SEWING MACHINE, SINGER. See

  IMPORTANT INVENTORS.

SEX DETERMINATION, LINKAGE AND INFLUENCES. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.

SHADOW OF A HERO. See

  BONANZA.

SHADOWS OF DOUBT. See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

SHAMPOO. Kenalex Corp. Made by Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Cosmetology series, no. 760) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
25Apr72; MP22714.

SHAPES (Filmstrip) B. J. Hogg. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. © B. J. Hogg;
3Jan72 (in notice: 1970); JP13787.

SHAPING THE LAW. See

  OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY.

SHAW VERSUS SHAKESPEARE. Pt. 1: The character of Caesar. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, John Barnes; director of
  photography, Beda Batka; editor, Robert Johnson.

  Cast: Richard Kiley, Donald Moffat, Donald Madden, Ernest Graves,
  Frances Sternhagen.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 27Jun70; MP22734.

SHAW VERSUS SHAKESPEARE. Pt. 2: The tragedy of Julius Caesar.
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, John Barnes; director of
  photography, Beda Batka; editor, Robert Johnson.

  Cast: Richard Kiley, Donald Moffat, Donald Madden, Ernest Graves,
  Barnard Hughes.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 26Aug70; MP22735.

SHAW VERSUS SHAKESPEARE. Pt. 3: Caesar and Cleopatra. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, John Barnes; director of
  photography, Beda Batka; editor, Robert Johnson.

  Cast: Richard Kiley, Suzanne Grossman, Donald Moffat, Stefan Gierasch,
  James Valentine.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 27Aug70; MP22736.

SHEEP. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Barnyard series,
no. 431) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 15May72; MP22661.

SHEEP IN WOOD. S. N. Productions. Released by Artscope. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Slavko Nowtski; music, Marian Kouzan.

  © S. N. Productions, solely owned by Slavko Nowtski; 1Jan71 (in
  notice: 1970); MP22611.

SHEPHERDS AND WISE MEN. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made
by Graphic Educational Systems. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Steel rules and related instruments. 38 fr.--Calipers and
  dividers. 38 fr.--Micrometers. 43 fr.--Vernier instruments. 40
  fr.--Dial indicators. 42 fr.--Gage blocks. 37 fr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Aug71;
  JP13658.

THE SHORT [A,E,I,O,U] SOUND. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

THE SHOT HEARD ROUND THE WORLD. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC filmstrip series,
War for independence. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM:
additional cinematography. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
7Apr72 (in notice: 1971); MP22862.

SHOW BIZ WITCH. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

SHOWDOWN. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

SIDELIGHTS, NEA ANNUAL MEETING, 1971 (Filmstrip) National Education
Assn. Made by NEA Publishing Division. 23 fr., color, 35 mm. With
script.

  Credits: Director, Gordon H. Felton; writer, Jane Power; photographer,
  Joe DiDio.

  © National Education Assn.; 8Sep71; A327753.

THE SIDEWALK ARTISTS. The Amazing Life Games Co. Released by Houghton
Mifflin Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 4Nov71;
LP40582.

SIGHT/SOUND TRAINING. See

  MODEL 1070.

  MODEL 3180.

SIGHT SOUND TRAINING: TOLEDO SCALE (Filmstrip) Reliance Electric Co. 102
fr., color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: Model 3400 double ratio, counting scale,
lesson no. 8. © Reliance Electric Co.; 19May72; JU13077.

SIGHT: THE VISUAL SYSTEM. Teaching Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 15May72; MU8450.

SIGHTING IN ON WAGONS (Dodge versus Chevrolet and Ford) (Filmstrip)
Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 67 fr., color, 35
mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 18Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13773.

SIGNS AND WONDERS. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

SILENT KILLER. See

  BONANZA.

SILHOUETTE. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SIMPLE EXPLANATIONS OF MICROPHONE, TELEPHONE, RADIO, GRAMOPHONE, TAPE
RECORDER, SOUND TRACK OSCILLOSCOPE, SPECTROGRAPH. See

  SOUND.

SIMPLE KNOTS AND HITCHES. M.1. Pace Productions. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc,; 1Apr71; MP22684.

SIMPLE OFFICE PROCEDURES. Institute for Dermatologic Communications &
Education. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Arteriosclerosis obliterans, pt.
2) Appl. authors: Marion B. Sulzberger & Roberta Z. Sulzberger. ©
Institute for Dermatologic Communications & Education; 7Oct71 (in
notice: 1970); MP22150.

SINBAD THE SAILOR. See

  STORIES FROM OTHER LANDS: THE ARABIAN NIGHTS.

A SINGLE BLOW OF A SWORD. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

SINGLE PILGRIM. See

  BONANZA.

SISTER FROM NAPOLI. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

SITKA, ALASKA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 46.

60 MINUTES. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  v. 2, no.

  1. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 16Sep69;
  MP22572.

  2. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 30Sep69;
  MP22875.

  3. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 14Oct69;
  MP22573.

  5. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 11Nov69;
  MP22574.

  6. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 25Nov69;
  MP22693.

  7. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 9Dec69;
  MP22575.

  8. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 16Dec69;
  MP22576.

  9. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 6Jan70;
  MP22577.

  10. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 20Jan70;
  MP22578.

  11. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 3Feb70;
  MP22579.

  13. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 3Mar70;
  MP22580.

  14. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 24Mar70;
  MP22581.

  15. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 31Mar70;
  MP22582.

  16. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 14Apr70;
  MP22694.

  18. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 12May70;
  MP22583.

  19. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 26May70;
  MP22584.

  20. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 9Jun70;
  MP22695.

  21. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 16Jun70;
  MP22696.

  v. 3, no.

  1. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 15Sep70;
  MP22585.

  2. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 29Sep70;
  MP22697.

  3. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 13Oct70;
  MP22586.

  4. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 27Oct70;
  MP22698.

  5. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 10Nov70;
  MP22587.

  6. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 24Nov70;
  MP22874.

  7. Credits: Correspondents. Morley Safer & Mike Wallace. © 8Dec70;
  MP22588.

  8. Credits: Correspondents, Morley Safer & Mike Wallace. © 22Dec70;
  MP22699.

  v. 4, no.

  7. Telecast: Nov. 14, 1971. Credits: Commentators, Morley Safer & Mike
  Wallace. © 13Nov71; MP22373.

SKIDS CAN BE CONTROLLED. United Parcel Service of America. Made by
Impact, American City Bureau & Beaver Associates. 19 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © United Parcel Service of America, Inc.; 26May72; MP22850.

SKILL-BEES CHILD-TESTED SKILL BUILDERS, SKB–100A--SKB–100C. See

  FIGURE-GROUND.

SKILLS OF COMMUNICATION UTILIZED TO RECEIVE A MESSAGE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 21.

SKILLS OF COMMUNICATION UTILIZED TO SEND A MESSAGE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 20.

SLEEP AND DREAMS (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 60
fr.; pt. 2, 56 fr.), color, 35 mm. (The Wonder series) With discussion
guide, 41 p.

  Credits: Writer, Marianne Besser; editors, Peter Ketchum & Abby
  Johnnes; photographers, Ron Tunison & Jerry Spearman.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Sheldon R. Roen (discussion guide) & Marianne Besser.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 22Mar72; A327472.

SLOW MOTION. See

  [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SMALL CARS AND CRASHES. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. 23 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; 9Feb72;
MP22334.

SMOKE. See

  [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SMOKE SCREEN. Rainy Day Films. Distributed by Pyramid Films. 5 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director & writer, Michael Warshaw.

  © Rainy Day Films; 15Nov70; MP22465.

SNAKES ARE MIGHTY HUNTERS. See.

  AMERICAN REPTILES IN THEIR ENVIRONMENT.

SO LONG BABY, AND AMEN. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

SOCIAL DRUG. See

  ALCOHOL: THE SOCIAL DRUG/THE SOCIAL PROBLEM.

SOCIAL ENVIRONMENT. See

  TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT.

SOCIAL PROBLEM. See

  ALCOHOL: THE SOCIAL DRUG/THE SOCIAL PROBLEM.

SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY. CRM Productions. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Psychology today films) NM: compilation & additions. ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22366.

SOCIAL SERVICE. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Distributed by Blakiston Films. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Orientation to rehabilitation) Produced in
collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. ti.: Social service and
vocational counseling. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Dec71; MP22593.

SOCIAL STUDIES/FOCUS ON ACTIVE LEARNING. See

  CITIES OF THE WEB.

SOLAR CORONA I. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in collaboration with Sacramento Peak Observatory. NM:
compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP22272.

SOLAR MAGNETIC FIELDS. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Produced in collaboration with High Altitude Observatory,
N.C.A.R. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70;
MP22273.

SOLD ON SAFETY (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 78 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference, session no. 72–8)
© Chrysler Corp.; 27Apr72; JP14019.

THE SOLID GOLD JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 130.

SOLIDS AND LIQUIDS. See

  CLASSIFYING.

SOLOMON AND THE TEMPLE. See

  KINGS AND PROPHETS.

SOME IDEAS ABOUT IT. See

  WHAT IS COMMUNICATION.

SOMEDAY. James R. Weyer. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © James R. Weyer;
21Apr72; MU8429.

SOMEDAY THEY’LL ELECT A PRESIDENT. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

SOMETHING BIG. Stanmore Productions & Penbar Productions. Released by
National General Pictures Corp. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Cinema
Center Films presentation.

  Credits: Producer-director, Andrew V. McLaglen; story & screenplay,
  James Lee Barrett; music, Marvin Hamlisch; director of photography,
  Harry Stradling, Jr.; film editor, Robert Simpson.

  Cast: Dean Martin, Brian Keith, Honor Blackman, Carol White, Ben
  Johnson.

  © Stanmore Productions & Penbar Productions, Inc.; 23Sep71; LP40526.

THE SORTER. John Wiley & Sons. 35 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Edward H. Rategan.

  © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 5Apr71; MP22091.

SOUL TO SOUL. Nigram Corp., Aura Productions & Josef Shaftel Films.
Distributed by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Produced with the cooperation of the Ghana Arts Council.

  Credits: Producers, Richard Bock & Tom Mosk; director, Denis Sanders;
  musical director, Richard Bock.

  Cast: Wilson Pickett, Ike & Tina Turner, Santana, Willie Bobo.

  © Nigram Corp., Aura Productions, Inc. & Josef Shaftel Films, Inc.;
  18Aug71; LP40554.

SOUND (Filmstrip) Marian Ray, England. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
8 scripts, 1 v. each.

  Contents: 1–8: Sound and sound-waves. 36 fr.--Complex sounds. 44
  fr,--Simple explanations of microphone, telephone, radio, gramophone,
  tape recorder, sound track oscilloscope, spectrograph. 22 fr.--Ears
  and hearing. 27 fr.--Voices and speech. 31 fr.--Notes and intervals.
  38 fr.--Tempo, metre and rhythm. 40 fr.--Prelude to music. 30 fr.

  © Marian Ray; 31Dec71 (in notice on filmstrips AFO–67767–67768 & on
  all scripts: 1971; in notice on filmstrips AFO–67761–67766: 1970);
  AFO–67763, 67761–67762, 67764–67765, 67767–67768, 67766.

SOUNDING BRASS. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

SOUNDS IN THE SILENT DEEP. Moody Institute of Science Educational Film
Division. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Moody Institute of Science;
17Feb72; MP22468.

SOUNDS OF POETRY. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

SOURCES AND RESOURCES. See

  HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.

THE SOVIET: EPIC LAND. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 29
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Novosti Press
Agency. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 8Dec71; MP22209.

THE SOVIET UNION: A STUDENT’S LIFE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Novosti
Press Agency. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 22May72;
MP22870.

THE SOWER. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

SPANISH FOR COMMUNICATION. Houghton Mifflin Co., Educational Division.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Jan72 (in notice:
1971); MP22380.

SPANISH SAYING I MADE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

SPECIAL LOW SPEED CRASH TESTS 1972 BUMPER CLAIM MODELS. Insurance
Institute for Highway Safety. 19 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Insurance
Institute for Highway Safety; 17Jan72; MP22335.

SPECIAL MAPS I. See

  [MAP READING]

SPECIAL MAPS II. See

  [MAP READING]

SPECIAL PURPOSE MAPS. See

  WORKING WITH MAPS.

SPEECH SERVICES. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Distributed by Blakiston Films. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Orientation to rehabilitation) Produced in
collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Dec71;
MP22592.

SPEEDOMETER STRAIN. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

SPEEDWEIGH MODEL NO. 3011, 3021, 3031 (Filmstrip) Toledo Scale Training
Center, Toledo Scales & Systems. 80 fr., color, 16 mm. © Reliance
Electric Co.; 19Apr72; JU13042.

[SPEEDWEIGH MODEL 3012] (Filmstrip) Toledo Scale Training Center, Toledo
Scales & Systems. 73 fr., color, 16 mm. © Reliance Electric Co.;
19Apr72; JU13043.

SPIDERWEBS ACROSS THE CHASM. Sunday River Productions. 15 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River
Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 20Sep71; MP22494.

SPINAL CORD INJURY. See

  NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS. See

  HOLIDAYS.

THE SPREADING FICUS. Dade County School Board. 8 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Dade County School Board; 14May71 (in notice: 1970); MP22381.

SPRING, See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SQUARES, RECTANGLES, AND PARALLELOGRAMS. Review Educational Films. 6
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Third level series) Loop film. © Review
Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22295.

SQUIRRELS. See

  WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.

THE STAGE IS ALL THE WORLD. See

  MCCLOUD.

STALEMATE. Ezra Baker Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 10 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Ezra Baker Films, Inc.; 2Jan72 (in notice: 1971);
LP40899.

STAMP OUT SCHIZOPHRENIA, DRIVE CORONET (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made
by Ross Roy, Inc. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 18Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); JP13768.

STAND-IN. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

STAND UP AND BE COUNTED. Frankovich Productions. Released by Columbia
Pictures. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, M. J. Frankovich; director, Jackie Cooper; writer,
  Bernard Slade; music, Ernie Wilkins; director of photography, Fred
  Koenekamp; film editor, Harold Kress.

  Cast: Jacqueline Bisset, Stella Stevens, Steve Lawrence, Gary
  Lockwood, Lee Purcell.

  © Frankovich Productions, Inc.; 23May72; LP40873.

STANKIEWICZ. ETS Program Service. Made by WMHT. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer, Willard J. Stone.

  © ETS Program Service; 8Mar72; MU8418.

STANLEY CUP 1971. National Hockey League Services. Made by Chetwynd
Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Hockey League Services,
Inc.; 14Sep71; MP22320.

STANLEY CUP ’70. National Hockey League Services. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Chetwynd Films, Ltd.; 17Sep70; MP22222.

STANLEY, THE FRIENDLY SCHOOL BUS. New Jersey State Dept. of Education.
Made by Educational Improvement Center. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © New
Jersey State Dept. of Education; 17Sep71; LP40809.

STARTER 101 TEACHER TRAINING PROGRAM (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co., a
division of General Learning Corp. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Introduction to Starter 101 program. 78 fr.--A close look at
  Book 1. 63 fr.--A close look at Books 2 through 10, testing and
  charts. 86 fr.

  Credits: Writer, Theodore James, Jr.; narrators, Juanita Bethea &
  Aston Young; composer, Andrew Stasiuk; photographers, Rich Towlen,
  Design Counsel & Sports Illustrated.

  © General Learning Corp.; 31Dec71; JP14007–14005.

S-T-E-A-MBOAT A-COMIN’! LaGorce Associates. Gt. Britain. 50 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © LaGorce Associates, Inc.; 27Jan72; MP22406.

STEAMBOAT, FULTON. See

  IMPORTANT INVENTORS.

STEEL RULES AND RELATED INSTRUMENTS. See

  SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.

STEPHEN, THE FIRST CHRISTIAN MARTYR. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

STILLNESS WITHIN. See

  BONANZA.

STOREFRONT LAWYERS. Leonard Freeman Enterprises. Approx. 60 min. each,
sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with National General Corp. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  The electric kid. Credits: Teleplay, James D. Buchanan & Ronald
  Austin. © 30Sep70; LP40424.

  The emancipation of Bessie Gray. Credits: By Robert Van Scoyk. ©
  7Oct70; LP40425.

  A man’s castle. Credits: Producer, Leonard Freeman; director, Lee
  Katzin; writer, David Karp. Cast: Robert Foxworth, Shelia Larken,
  David Arkin. © 9Sep70; LP40358.

  Murph Collins versus tomorrow. Credits: By Alvin Sapinsley. © 23Sep70;
  LP40359.

  Pastures of hell. Credits: By Harold Gast. © 18Nov70; LP40427.

  Shadows of doubt. Credits: By Alvin Sapinsley. © 4Nov70; LP40360.

  Survivors will be prosecuted. Credits: By Arthur Heinemann. © 14Oct70;
  LP40426.

  Where were we, Waldo? Credits: By E. Arthur Kean. © 2Dec70; LP40428.

STORIES FROM OTHER LANDS: THE ARABIAN NIGHTS (Filmstrip) Imperial Film
Co. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 915–1–-915–4: Aladdin and the magic lamp. 54 fr.--Ali Baba
  and the forty thieves. 59 fr.--The merchant and the jinni. 48
  fr.--Sinbad the sailor. 55 fr.

  Credits: Illustrator, Peggy Vawter.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.: 29Apr69, JP14079–14080; 17May70,
  JP14077–14078.

STORIES OF ANIMALS WHICH SHARE AN ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Imperial Film
Co. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 438–1–-438–4: The fawn, the bear. 42 fr.--The osprey, the
  trout. 43 fr.--The swan, the beaver. 43 fr.--The tanager, the dipper.
  43 fr.

  Credits: Author, Jay Shuler; artist, Jayne Gause.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 28Jan72; JP14119, 14112, 14110, 14120.

A STORY A STORY (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 38 fr., color, 35 mm.
With manual, 1 v. Based on the book of the same title told & illustrated
by Gail E. Haley. NM: selection & compilation. © on filmstrip; Weston
Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Oct71; A299318.

STORY OF A BOOK. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

THE STORY OF BREAD (Filmstrip) W. B. Productions &
Field-Trip-of-the-Month-Club. Made by W. B. Productions. 98 fr., color,
35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Jacqueline A. Wall; photographer, Joseph
  A. Wall.

  © W. B. Productions, Inc.; 23Jun70; JP13995.

THE STORY OF CAESAR RODNEY. Andrew N. Wyeth. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. states prev. reg. 21Dec70, LU3604. © Andrew N. Wyeth; 16Mar71;
LP40745.

A STORY OF LIGHT (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.
A Communico production.

  Credits: Script, Carol Greene; artist, Arlene Vargo.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 28Apr72; JP14015.

STORY OF OLD GLORY. See

  THE AMERICAN FLAG (THE STORY OF OLD GLORY)

THE STORY OF OUR NEW BABY. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
1Jun71; MP22156.

THE STORY OF THE SUNSET GLOW. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND, THE BLACKS. American Broadcasting
Companies. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A presentation of ABC News. ©
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 12Jun71; MP22388.

STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND--THE CHICANOS. American Broadcasting
Companies. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting
Companies, Inc.; 12Jun71; MP22470.

STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND, THE PUERTO RICANS. American Broadcasting
Companies. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A presentation of ABC News. ©
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 16Jun71; MP22389.

THE STRATFORD SHAKESPEARE KNEW. Perfection Form Co. Made by Cine-Image
Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Perfection Form Co.; 15Sep71;
MP22163.

THE STRAY. Franciscan Communications Center. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications Center; 15Aug71;
MP22516.

STREET OF THE SARDINE. Eva Lothar. 26 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Eva
Lothar; 13Mar72; MU8432.

STREET URCHIN RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

STRONGEST MAN IN THE WORLD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 94.

THE STRUGGLE. Learning Institute of North Carolina. 35 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Writer, Edward T. Campbell; narrator, Donald W. Brockman;
  researcher, photographer & editor, Carl A. Gilfillan.

  © Learning Institute of North Carolina; 28Dec71; MP22302.

STYLES. Wombat Productions. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wombat
Productions, Inc.; 15May72; MP22730.

EL SUBJUNTIVO IMPERFECTO. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent
School District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. With tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; JP13959.

SUBTRACTION FACTS, MINUENDS OF 10. Review Educational Films. 6 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
1Sep71; MP22351.

SUBTRACTION FACTS, MINUENDS OF 13. Review Educational Films. 5 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
1Sep71; MP22352.

SUBTRACTION FACTS, MINUENDS OF 14 & 15. Review Educational Films. 6
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22353.

SUBTRACTION FACTS, MINUENDS OF 16, 17 & 18. Review Educational Films. 5
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22354.

SUBTRACTIVE COLOR. See

  COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION.

SUCCESS AND DIVORCE. See

  MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.

SUCCESS STORY. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

SUCH CIVIL WAR IN MY LOVE AND HATE. See

  THE PSYCHIATRIST.

SUCH GOOD FRIENDS. Sigma Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Lois Gould.

  Credits: Producer/director, Otto Preminger; screenplay, Esther Dale;
  music composer, Thomas Z. Shepard; director of photography, Gayne
  Rescher; film editor, Harry Howard.

  Cast: Dyan Cannon, James Coco, Jennifer O’Neill, Ken Howard, Nina
  Foch.

  © Sigma Productions, Inc.; 21Dec71; LP40476.

SUEZ CRISIS. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm.
documents project, no. 387) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22265.

SUFFER THE LITTLE CHILDREN. See

  NBC WHITE PAPER.

SULLIVAN’S EMPIRE. Universal Pictures. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Frank Price; directors, Harvey Hart & Thomas Carr;
  writer, Frank Chase; music, Lalo Schifrin; director of photography,
  Hal A. McAlpin; film editor, Robert F. Shugrue.

  Cast: Martin Milner, Linden Chiles, Don Quine, Clu Gulager, Karen
  Jensen.

  © Universal Pictures; 2Sep67; LP40551.

SUMMER. See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SUMMER SOLDIER. See

  IRONSIDE.

SUNDAY BLOODY SUNDAY. Vectia Films, London. Released in the U.S. by
United Artists Corp. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Joseph Janni; director, John Schlesinger; writer,
  Penelope Gilliatt; director of photography, Billy Williams; editor,
  Richard Marden.

  Cast: Glenda Jackson, Peter Finch, Murray Head, Peggy Ashcroft, Tony
  Britton.

  © Vectia Films, Ltd.; 1Jul71; LF94.

SUNSHINE LIFE. See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS Sc LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SUPERSONIC TRANSPORT. See

  SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

SURGICAL ASEPSIS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 15.

SURVIVORS WILL BE PROSECUTED. See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

THE SWAN, THE BEAVER. See

  STORIES OF ANIMALS WHICH SHARE AN ENVIRONMENT.

THE SWIMMING HOLE. King Screen Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© King Broadcasting Co.; 23May72; MP22854.

SWIMMING POOL BACTERIA; or, Arnold makes some friends. Dade County
School Board. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Dade County School Board;
21Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22385.

SYMBOLS IN MUSIC. See

  MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.


                                   T

TIA: THE EARLY WARNING SYSTEM OF IMPENDING STROKE. Marion Laboratories.
Made by Comprenetics. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marion Laboratory,
Inc.; 10Jan72; MP22463.

TRS SYSTEM. See

  VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

TAKE MY MOMENTS AND MY DAYS. Christian Science Board of Directors. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors;
11Feb72; MU8400.

TAKING TELEPHONE ORDERS. See

  BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

A TALENT FOR TONY. Franciscan Communications Center. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications
Center; 15Mar71; MP22517.

THE TALENTS. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

TALES FOR YOUNG IMAGINATIONS. GROUP 2 (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 939–1–939–4: A lamb named Angel. 37 fr.--The fractured
  turtle. 41 fr.--The possum’s strange name. 40 fr.--The canary that
  wouldn’t sing. 38 fr.

  Credits: Author & illustrator, Peggy Vawter.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 10Mar72; JP14113, 14126, 14114, 14111.

TALES FROM JAPAN (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films & Gakken Co. 8
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 11 p.

  Contents: The moonbeam princess. 45 fr.--The tears of the dragon. 33
  fr.--The rolling rice ball. 36 fr.--The monkey and the crab. 33
  fr.--The inn of the sparrows. 34 fr.--The story of the sunset glow. 38
  fr.--The crane’s magic gift. 35 fr.--The man who made trees blossom.
  34 fr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Jun71;
  JP13631.

TALES FROM THE CRYPT. Amicus Productions. Released by Metromedia
Producers Corp. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on stories written by
Al Feldstein, Johnny Craig & Bill Gaines.

  Credits: Producer & screenplay, Milton Subotsky; director, Freddie
  Francis; camera operator, John Harris; editor, Teddy Darvas.

  Cast: Sir Ralph Richardson, Joan Collins, Ian Hendry, Nigel Patrick,
  Peter Cushing.

  © Metromedia Producers Corp.; 8Mar72; LP40885.

TALL TALES. See

  LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

THE TANAGER, THE DIPPER. See

  STORIES OF ANIMALS WHICH SHARE AN ENVIRONMENT.

TARGET. See

  IRONSIDE.

TATE: RAMROD. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

TEACHER AIDS, VARIETY UNLIMITED (Filmstrip) Ted D. Dawson. 59 fr.,
color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with Maxine Kamonitsa. © Ted D.
Dawson: 15Nov71; JP13776.

TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS
(Filmstrip) American Book Co. Made by Spectrum Productions. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 4 cassettes & Guide.

  Contents: An overview. 106 fr.--Basic lesson. 108 fr.--Word
  recognition. 99 fr.--Comprehension. 88 fr.

  Produced in association with the Creative Establishment, Inc.

  © Litton Educational Pub., Inc.; 20Dec71; A307592.

TEAM BUILDING. Bureau of National Affairs. Made by BNA Films. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Gellerman effective organization film series) ©
B.N.A., Inc.; 20Jan72; MP22315.

THE TEARS OF THE DRAGON. See

  TALES FROM JAPAN.

TECHNIQUES OF DANCE MOVEMENTS. See

  THE PRINCIPLES OF MODERN DANCE.

TECHNOLOGY AND THE INDIVIDUAL. See

  REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.

TEENAGE MOVIES WITH DICK VAN DYKE. Eastman Kodak Co. 1 reel, sd., color,
16 mm. NM: compilation, abridgment & addition. © Eastman Kodak Co.;
27Dec71; MP22653.

TELLING THE TRUTH. See

  VALUES.

TEMPERATURE. See

  MEASURING.

TEMPERATURE, PULSE AND RESPIRATION: THEORY. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 8.

TEMPLE OF APOLLO AT BASSAE. Derek Stewart productions. [Gt. Britain] 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Malcolm R. McBride; 10Nov71; MP22444.

TEMPO, METRE AND RHYTHM. See

  SOUND.

THE TEN MAIDENS. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

TENDER PREDATOR. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

TEOTIHUACAN TO TOLTEC. See

  CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA.

TERRADYNAMICS. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation authorship. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70; MP22277.

TERRESTRIAL ORGANISMS, NO. 586. See

  APHIDS.

TERROR AT 2:00. See

  BONANZA.

TERROR IN NORTHERN IRELAND. American Broadcasting Companies. 26 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 14Dec71;
MP22472.

TEXTURES IN NATURE. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS.

THANKSGIVING. See

  HOLIDAYS.

THANKSGIVING IN TUMTUM. See

  HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

THAT’S ME. The Amazing Life Games Co. Released by Houghton Mifflin Co. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 4Nov71; LP40583.

THAT’S NO FAIR. See

  FIRST THINGS: THAT’S NO FAIR.

THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM. Franciscan Communications Center. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications
Center; 1Mar72; MP22476.

THEM AND US. See

  MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.

THEORIES OF EVOLUTION (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 35 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Edwin Shapiro; 1Dec71; JP13641.

THEORY OF NATURAL SELECTION (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 2 filmstrips (pt.
1, 41 fr.; pt. 2, 37 fr.), color, 35 mm. © Edwin Shapiro; 1Dec71;
JP13642–13643.

THERE GOES THE BEST GENIE I EVER HAD. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 52.

THERE GOES THE BRIDE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 57.

THERE OUGHTA BE A LAW. Legislature, State of Minnesota. Made by Reid Ray
Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, Robert H. Winter.

  Appl. author: C. Toby Carlson.

  © Reid Ray Films, Inc.; 15Oct71; MP22200.

THEREFORE CHOOSE LIFE. See

  EDEN IN PERIL.

THESE HALLS OF CAMELOT (Filmstrip) Scott, Foresman & Co. 111 fr., color,
35 mm. With text, 8 p.

  Credits: Creative producer, Thomas F. Wettengel; general director, Leo
  B. Kneer; narrator, Mel Zellman; design detail, Robert Amft & Free
  Chin.

  © Scott, Foresman & Co.; 27Mar72; A332061.

THEY DON’T LISTEN TO ME. See

  WHAT IS COMMUNICATION.

THEY’RE TEARING DOWN TIM RILEY’S BAR. See

  NIGHT GALLERY.

THINK SAFE, ACT SAFE. See

  BEING SAFE.

THINKING CLEARLY. See

  ANALOGIES.

  CATEGORIES.

  FINDING OBJECTS.

  INCONSISTENCIES.

  OBJECTS AND ENVIRONMENTS.

  OBJECTS AND FUNCTIONS.

THINKING MAN’S GOLF: FUNDAMENTALS. Videorecord Corp. of America. 10
min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Gordon Casagrande.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22547.

THINKING MAN’S GOLF: PLANNING. Videorecord Corp. of America. 9 min.,
sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Gordon Casagrande.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22542.

THINKING MAN’S GOLF: THINKING TO WIN. Videorecord Corp. of America. 7
min., sd., color. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Ray Abel; programmer, Gordon Casagrande.

  © Videorecord Corp. of America; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22541.

THINKING TO WIN. See

  THINKING MAN’S GOLF: THINKING TO WIN.

THIRD LEVEL SERIES. See

  FRACTIONS: 1/2, 1/3, 1/4.

  MULTIPLICATION FACTS OF 9.

  SQUARES, RECTANGLES, AND PARALLELOGRAMS.

  TRIANGLES.

THIS COULD BLOW YOUR MIND. See

  IRONSIDE.

THIS IS MURDER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 28.

THIS LAND IS MINE. American Broadcasting Companies. 52 min., sd., color,
16 mm. A presentation of ABC News.

  Credits: Producer, director, writer, Lester Cooper.

  Cast: Kim Novak, Henry Beetle Hough, Elliot Porter, Rini Templeton,
  Edwardo Esquedero.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 23Mar71 (in notice: 1970);
  MP22386.

THIS MONEY KILLS DREAMS. See

  MEN AT LAW.

THIS WILL REALLY KILL YOU. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THOREAU’S SPRING. See

  THE JOURNAL OF HENRY DAVID THOREAU: THE SEASONS.

THOREAU’S SUMMER. See

  THE JOURNAL OF HENRY DAVID THOREAU: THE SEASONS.

THORNTON’S ACCOUNT. See

  BONANZA.

THOSE FABULOUS FURRY FREAK BROTHERS ACQUIRE A GROUPIE. William Thomas
Pace & Celia Symborski. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © William Thomas
Pace & Celia Symborski; 20Apr72; LU3629.

THOSE WERE THE DAYS. Film Originals. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A
Motion picture scrapbook)

  Credits: Narrator, Rex Allen.

  Appl. author: Helen Stanfield Smith.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 17Oct55, MP6501 & prev. pub. 3Jun59, MP9518.

  NM: compilation.

  © George Oliver Smith & Helen Stanfield Smith d.b.a. Film Originals:
  7Mar72; MP22610.

THREE DEAD COWS AT MAKAPU, PT. 1–2. See

  HAWAII FIVE-O.

THREE GUNS FOR TEXAS. Universal City Studios. 99 min., sd., color, 35
mm.

  Credits: Producer, Richard Irving; directors, David Lowell Rich, Paul
  Stanley & Earl Bellamy; writer, John D. F. Black; music, Russ Garcia;
  directors of photography, Andrew Jackson & Lionel Lindon; film editor,
  Richard G. Wray.

  Cast: Neville Brand, Peter Brown, William Smith, Martin Milner, Philip
  Carey.

  © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Jul68 (in notice: 1966); LP40552.

360/20 CONSOLE, CONSOLE OPERATION 360/40, CONSOLE OPERATION 360/50.
Sorbus. 1 reel, sd., b&w. Videotape (1/2 in.) © Sorbus, Inc.; 20Jan72
(in notice: 1971); MP22478.

TIGER! TIGER. See

  BEARCATS.

TILL DEATH US DO PART. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

THE TIME IS NOW. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

TIME OF THE JACKALS. See

  GUNSMOKE.

TIME TO BE YOURSELF (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. (Leisure time, X–216–F)

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13731.

TIME TO DIE. See

  BONANZA.

TIMES THAT TRY MEN’S SOULS. See

  THE REVOLUTION.

TIMMY AND MARGARET MEET THE ORANGE CREATURE. King Screen Productions. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Adventures of Trogmoffy, film 1) © King
Broadcasting Co.; 3Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22328.

TO ALL THE WORLD’S CHILDREN. American Broadcasting Companies. 25 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Discovery)

  Credits: Producer, Monroe E. Carol; director, Vince Scarza; writer,
  Joseph Hurley.

  Cast: David Paladin.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 4Oct70; MP22474.

TO CAGE A LION. See

  PARIS 7000.

TO CARRY THE SUN IN A GOLDEN CUP. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

TO DIVE INTO THE SEA. Wheeler Industries. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director & writer, Samuel Sandrof; music, Dan Hart;
  photographer, Charles H. Irwin.

  © Wheeler Industries, Inc.; 30Apr72; MP22704.

TO GET THROUGH THE NIGHT. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

TO SEE OURSELVES. Aetna Life & Casualty. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Aetna Life & Casualty; 27Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22639.

TO TASTE OF DEATH BUT ONCE. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THE TOBACCO PROBLEM: WHAT DO YOU THINK? Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 23Dec71 (in notice: 1972); MP22338.

TOM SEAVER. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

TOM SEAVER SWEARS. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

TOMORROW IS NOT ANOTHER DAY. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 90.

TONY’S WIFE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 72.

TOO MANY TONYS. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 15.

TOO MANY VICTIMS. See

  IRONSIDE.

TOO MUCH GOVERNMENT. See

  ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.

TOOLS FOR LEARNING: AN ARTIST TEACHES ACADEMIC SKILLS THROUGH WOODWORK.
Kingsbury Center. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Berthold Schmutzhart &
Kingsbury Center, Inc.; 27Oct71; MP22319.

TOOTH FOR A TOOTH. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

TOP HAND. See

  BONANZA.

TOUCH AND GO RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

THE TOUCHSTONE. Don Wobber. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Don Wobber;
20Dec71; LP40811.

TOWARD INDEPENDENCE. See

  THE REVOLUTION.

TOWARD UNDERSTANDING MODERN CHURCHES (Filmstrip) Commission of Church
Architecture of the Lutheran Church in America. Made by Lutheran Film
Associates. 80 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Ruth E. Fryhle; editor & narrator, Robert
  E. A. Lee.

  © Commission on Church Architecture of the Lutheran Church in America;
  1Nov71; JP13798.

THE TOWN (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 64
fr., color, 35 mm. (What’s around us, X–222–B)

  Credits: General ed., Alexander M. Butman.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13726.

THE TOWN KILLER. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

TRAFFIC LAWS 1. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

TRAFFIC LAWS 2. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

TRAFFIC SIGNALS. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

TRAGEDY OF JULIUS CAESAR. See

  SHAW VERSUS SHAKESPEARE.

THE TRAIL OF TEARS. See

  OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY.

TRANSFER AND AMBULATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 13.

TRANSPORT SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University.
17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 27Oct71; MP22131.

TRANSPORTATION OF AN INJURED PERSON. See

  FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.

TREMENDOUS SENSE OF LOYALTY. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

THE TREND SETTERS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53
fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13769.

THE TRIAL. See

  YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

TRIAL BY FIRE RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

TRIAL OF A PFC. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

TRIAL OF REVOLUTIONARY SOCIALISTS, MOSCOW, 1922. Thorne Films. 2 min.,
si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 354) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22249.

TRIANGLES. Review Educational Films. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Third level series) Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
1Sep71; MP22294.

TRIP STEEL. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Produced in collaboration with U.S.A.E.C. NM: compilation authorship. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec70: MP22279.

TRIPLE BEAM BALANCE. See

  BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.

THE TROLLEY, BY GOLLY. Dennis S. Johnson. 23 min., sd., color and b&w,
16 mm. NM: compilation & addition. © Dennis S. Johnson; 29Dec71;
MP22686.

THE TROUBLE WITH ICE. Boy Scouts of America. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Boy Scouts of America; 10Dec71; MP22124.

TROUBLE WITH TROUBLE. See

  BONANZA.

TROUBLE WITH TRUTH. See

  FIRST THINGS: THE TROUBLE WITH TRUTH.

THE TRUCE AT ABURAHA RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

TRUTH, THE WHOLE TRUTH, AND ANYTHING ELSE THAT WORKS. See

  MEN AT LAW.

THE TUG OF WAR RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

TUGBOAT CAPTAIN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The world of work) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 26Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22298.

TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT. Level 1 (Filmstrip) Educational Research
Council of America. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Research Council
of America; 28Feb72; JP13970.

TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT. Level 2: My external environment (Filmstrip)
Educational Research Council of America. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Educational Research Council of America; 28Feb72; JP13971.

TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT. Level 4: The social environment (Filmstrip)
Educational Research Council of America. 64 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Educational Research Council of America; 28Feb72; JP13972.

TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT: THE INTERNAL ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip)
Educational Research Council of America. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Educational Research Council of America; 28Feb72; JP13996.

TURN OF THE SCREW. See

  THE NIGHTCOMERS.

TURNING TOWARD JERUSALEM. See

  MY NAME IS JESUS.

THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS. Q3. Released by Weston Woods Studios. 5
min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the picture book by Robert Broomfield.

  Credits: Illustrator, Robert Broomfield; singer, Buffy Allen;
  arranger, Doug Wood.

  Appl. author: Morton Schindel.

  © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 3Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP40529.

TWO DIFFERENT SIDES OF BOATING. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 12.

TWO GOOD REASONS. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

200 MOTELS. Murakami Wolf Productions & Bizarre Productions. Released by
United Artists Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producers, Jerry Good & Herb Cohen; director, story,
  screenplay, music composer & arranger, Frank Zappa.

  Cast: The Mothers of Invention, Ringo Starr, Theodore Bikel, Keith
  Moon, Jimmy Carl Black.

  © Murakami Wolf Productions, Inc. & Bizarre Productions, Inc.;
  27Oct71; LP40485.

THE TWO IF BY SEA RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

2000 YEARS LATER. Bert Tenzer Organization. Released by Warner
Bros.-Seven Arts. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Bert Tenzer; music composer &
  conductor, Stu Phillips; director of photography, Mario di Leo; film
  editor, Donn Cambern.

  Cast: Terry-Thomas, Edward Everett Horton, Pat Harrington, Lisa
  Seagram, John Abbot.

  © Bert Tenzer Organization, Ltd.; 1Apr69 (in notice: 1967); LP40876.

TWO-WORD VERBS (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School District. Made
by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. With
tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio Independent School
District; 31Aug71; JP13960.


                                   U

U.F. OHHH! JEANNIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 88.

U.S. HOME FRONT IN WORLD WAR II. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 376) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22429.

U.S. INTERVENTION IN THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC CRISIS (1965) Thorne Films.
4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 393)
Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22268.

U.S. INTERVENTION IN THE NICARAGUAN CIVIL WAR (1927) Thorne Films. 4
min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 333) Loop
film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22237.

U.S. OCCUPATION OF GERMANY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 391) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22435.

U.S. OCCUPATION OF JAPAN. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 392) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22267.

U.S. PUNITIVE EXPEDITION INTO MEXICO. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 336) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22239.

THE UNBENDING KING & THE MAN WITH TWO WIVES (Filmstrip) Imperial Film
Co. 2 filmstrips on 1 roll, color, 35 mm. (African folk tales, 926–4)

  Credits: Illustrator, S. D. Kaicher.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 3Feb71 (in notice: 1970); JP13605.

UNCLE A-GO-GO. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 123.

THE UNCOMMON CAR (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53
fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13774.

UNDER AND OVER THE WATER. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 5.

UNDER SURVEILLANCE. See

  CBS REPORTS.

UNDERSTANDING AGGRESSION. Meredith Corp. Distributed by
Appleton-Century-Crofts. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: By Roger Ulrich.

  © Meredith Corp.; 31Mar72 (in notice: 1971); MP22571.

UNDERSTANDING SHAKESPEARE: HIS SOURCES. Coronet Instructional Films. 21
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Consultant, Levi Fox.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 10Jan72;
  MP22629.

UNDERSTANDING SHAKESPEARE: HIS STAGECRAFT. Coronet Instructional Films.
25 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Consultant, Levi Fox.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 10Jan72;
  MP22628.

UNDERSTANDING YOUR PARENTS (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With discussion guide, by Lawrence Baker, 56
p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: What separates us? 67 fr.--What brings us together?
  54 fr.

  Credits: Writer, Richard Worth; editor, James Relyea; photographer,
  Wasyl Szkodzinsky.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Richard Worth & Lawrence Baker (discussion guide)

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 6Apr72; A335924.

THE UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2 (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 448–1–-448–2: Marine vegetation, pt. 1. 46 fr.--Marine
  vegetation, pt. 2. 47 fr.

  Credits: Author & photographer, Jackson Fraser.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 22Feb72; JP14124–14123.

AN UNFAIR COMPARISON, DEMON VS. MAVERICK (Filmstrip) Dodge Division,
Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler
Corp.; 30Dec71; JP13761.

[UNIT PUBLICATION, SOUND FILMSTRIP SERIES FOR THE ISCS PROGRAM]
(Filmstrip) EdMediaTec. 25 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With cassettes.
Appl. states 10 filmstrips prev. reg. 3Mar71, JP13071–13075 & 1May71,
JP13160–13163, 13226. NM: additions & revisions. © EdMediaTec, Inc.;
1Oct71; JP13586.

UNITED AUTO WORKERS STRIKE (1937) Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super
8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 372) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22259.

THE UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE (Filmstrip) National Assn. of
Manufacturers of the United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 76 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
Co. © National Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1971); JP14036.

UNITY IN DIVERSITY: an audio-visual report of the eight oceanic and
continental conferences (Filmstrip) National Spiritual Assembly of the
Baha’is of the United States. 131 fr., color, 35 mm. Includes 131 col.
slides (duplicates of filmstrip frames) Appl. author: Baha’i Pub.
Committee. © National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United
States of America; 28Jan72; JP14010.

UPJOHN MINI-TEXT SERIES. See

  RENAL FACTORS IN BLOOD-PRESSURE REGULATION.

UPPERS AND DOWNERS: WHAT KILLED BILLY LAWTON. See

  DRUGS IN TODAY’S WORLD.

URASHIMA TARO. See

  JAPANESE FAIRY TALES.

URBAN RUSSIA: 1921. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8
mm. documents project, no. 366) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22425.

USE, QUALITY AND SERVICE (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 51 fr., color, 35 mm. (Let the buyer beware, X–211–E)

© Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13702.

USING AN ATLAS. See

  [MAP READING]

USING LEVERS. See

  INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES.

USING THESE RECORDS. See

  THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.

UTILIZING OUR RESOURCES. See

  SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.


                                   V

VACATION. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL JOINT SERVICE, 1972 (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 29
fr., color, 35 mm. © Broadman Films; 1Dec71; JP14018.

VACATION CHURCH SCHOOL SERIES, GRADES 5 & 6. See

  BREAD.

VALENTINE’S DAY. See

  HOLIDAYS.

VALLEY FORGE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 7 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC filmstrip series, War for
independence. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: additional
cinematography. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 7Apr72 (in
notice: 1971); MP22863.

VALUES (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational Direction. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X238–A--X238–F: Telling the truth. 63 fr.--What is stealing?
  50 fr.--Kindness. 51 fr.--Politeness. 49 fr.--Responsibility. 54
  fr.--Citizenship. 44 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13821, 13826, 13863, 13938,
  13921, 13925.

VAMPS. Ray-Vino Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Raymond Vino.

  © Ray-Vino Productions, Inc.; 17Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP22395.

VAN ARSDALE TWINS PROMISE. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL (Filmstrip) Ford Marketing Corp., Ford Customer
Service Division. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 6 manuals, 1 v. each.

  Contents: Course 5002–5007: Introduction, fuel evaporative and
  crankcase emission control systems. 84 fr.--IMCO system. 67 fr.--TRS
  system. 81 fr.--ESC system. 94 fr.--Carburetor adjustments. 114
  fr.--Maintenance. 88 fr.

  © Ford Marketing Corp.; 26Aug71; A347632–347633, 347635–347634,
  347637–347636.

VENEREAL DISEASE (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 56
fr.; pt. 2, 68 fr.), color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Planner & writer, Robert Schley.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District (in notice: MSJC); 1Nov71; JP13579–13580.

VERBOS IRREGULARES (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School District.
Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
With tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio Independent School
District; 31Aug71; JP13956.

VERBS. See

  FORM CLASS WORDS.

THE VERDICT. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

VERNIER INSTRUMENTS. See

  SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.

VERY SPECIAL SAILFISH. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

VETERAN REHABILITATION: 1920. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 350) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22247.

VIBRATION MEASUREMENT. Pt. 1–2. IRD Mechanalysis. 43 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © IRD Mechanalysis, Inc.; 10Apr72; MU8433.

THE VIEW FROM THE TOP. See

  MEN AT LAW.

VILLAGE LIFE ON A PACIFIC ATOLL, PT. 1. See

  MAN IN HIS ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2.

VILLAGE LIFE ON A PACIFIC ATOLL, PT. 2. See

  MAN IN HIS ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2.

VILLAIN. Anglo-E.M.I. Film Distributors & Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 97 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the novel The burden of proof, by
James Barlow.

  Credits: Producers, Alan Ladd, Jr. & Jay Kanter; director, Michael
  Tucher; screenplay, Dick Clement & Ian La Frenais; music composer,
  Jonathan Hodge; arranger, Steve Gray; camera operator, John Harris;
  film editor, Ralph Sheldon.

  Cast: Richard Burton, Ian McShane, Nigel Davenport, Fiona Lewis,
  Cathleen Nesbitt.

  © Anglo-E.M.I. Film Distributors, Ltd.; 1Jun71; LP40749.

VIOLENT TRUCE RAID. See

  THE RAT PATROL.

VISIT OF THE TABLE TENNIS TEAM FROM THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA. Tony
Cirillo. 347 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Tony Cirillo; 19May72; MU8453.

A VISIT TO FRA MAURO. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 7.

VISITING WITCH. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

THE VISUAL SYSTEM: THE GLOBE. Teaching Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Anatomy of the human eye)

  Credits: Director, Herbert R. Smith; script, Connie Nelson; narrator,
  N. Don Macon; illustrator, Steve Harrison; cinematographers, Joachim
  D. Zwer & T. Allen Mewbourn; editor, Eugenia Doughtie.

  © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 14Apr72; MU8444.

VISUALIZATION--A KEY TO READING. Clair Calhoon & Grace M. Petitclerc.
Distributed by Soundings. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Clair Calhoon &
Grace M. Petitclerc; 21Apr72; MP22709.

VOICES AND SPEECH. See

  SOUND.

VOLTAGE. See

  PARALLEL CIRCUITS.

  SERIES CIRCUITS.

VOLTAGE AND VOLTAGE MEASUREMENT. ADM-MPS. Released by Thorne Films. 3
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Alexander Jackson & Kenneth Osborne.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 30Sep71; MP22183.

VOLTMETERS AND AMMETERS (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 35 fr., color, 35
mm. (Automotive technology, M–6A)

  Credits: Planner & writer, John Schuster.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan71; JP13276.

VOLUME. See

  MEASURING.

VOLUME AND MASS RELATIONSHIPS. See

  INVESTIGATING RELATIONSHIPS IN MATTER.

THE VOWEL “A”. Journal Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading
skills) Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath
Productions; 1Nov71; MP22603.

THE VOWEL “E”. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Distributed by Journal
Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading skills) Appl. author:
Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec71;
MP22413.

THE VOWEL “I”. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Distributed by Journal
Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading skills) Appl. author:
Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec71;
MP22412.

THE VOWEL “O”. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Distributed by Journal
Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading skills) Appl. author:
Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec71;
MP22414.

THE VOWEL “U”. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Distributed by Journal
Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading skills) Appl. author:
Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec71;
MP22411.

THE VOYAGE OF THE BEAGLE (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 3 filmstrips (pt. 1,
42 fr.; pt. 2, 38 fr.; pt. 3, 41 fr.), color, 35 mm. © Edwin Shapiro;
1Dec71; JP13644–13646.

VOYOU (THE CROOK) Films Ariane, Productions Artistes Associes, Films 13
& Produzioni Europee Associate. [France] Distributed by Films 13 &
Productions Artistes Associes. Released in the U.S. by United Artists
Corp. 120 min., sd., color, 35 mm. English subtitles.

  Credits: Producer, Alexandre Mnouchkine; director, Claude Lelouch;
  writers, Claude Lelouch, Pierre Uytterhoeven & Claude Pinoteau; music,
  Francis Lai; director of photography, Jean Collomb; editor,
  Marie-Claude Lacambre.

  Cast: Jean-Louis Trintignant, Daniele Delorme, Charles Denner,
  Christine Lelouch, Amidou.

  © Les Films Ariane, S.A.; 20Nov70; LF92.


                                   W

WAGES IN A MARKET ECONOMY (Filmstrip) National Assn. of Manufacturers of
the United States. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 54 fr., color, 35 mm.
(American economy series) Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © National
Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States; 1Mar72 (in notice: 1971);
JP14030.

WAGON. See

  BONANZA.

WAGON WAYS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 54 fr.,
color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Dec71; JP13765.

WALK IN THE DARK. See

  MCCLOUD.

WALKABOUT. Max L. Raab-Si Litvinoff Films (Pty.) Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by
James Vance Marshall.

  Credits: Producer, Si Litvinoff; director & photographer, Nicolas
  Roeg; screenplay, Edward Bond; music composer & conductor, John Barry;
  film editors, Antony Gibbs & Alan Pattillo.

  Cast: Jenny Agutter, Lucien John, David Gumpilil.

  © Max L. Raab-Si Litvinoff Films (Pty.), Ltd.; 31Dec70; LP40482.

THE WALL. Fred Calhoun. 30 min., sd., color. 16 mm. © Fred Calhoun;
1Jan72; LP40429.

WALLS ARE WAITING. See

  IRONSIDE.

WALT WHITMAN: POET FOR A NEW AGE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. Made by Stoumen Films. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Lou Stoumen; writers, Lou Stoumen &
  Abram D. Murray.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 1Jan72 (in notice:
  1971); MP22858.

THE WAR COMES HOME. New Film Co. 27 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author:
Robert S. Jones. © New Film Co., Inc.; 1Jan70; MP22415.

WAR FOR EMPIRE. See

  COLONIAL AMERICA.

WAR FOR INDEPENDENCE. See

  THE BOSTON TEA PARTY.

  THE SHOT HEARD ROUND THE WORLD.

  VALLEY FORGE.

  YORKTOWN.

WAR MERCHANTS. See

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

WARM-BLOODED AND COLD-BLOODED ANIMALS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of
Esquire, Inc.; 3May71; MP22160.

WARN THE WORLD ABOUT MIKE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THE WARNING GAME (Filmstrip) Instructional Systems. Made by Image Pub.
Corp. 54 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer-director, Doug Weathers; writer, Donald M. Friedman;
  photographer, Alan Breslaw; artist, Pamela Pencraft.

  © Scope; 4Dec71; JP13739.

WARREN HARDING: PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 352) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22248.

WARSAW PACK INTERVENTION IN CZECHOSLOVAKIA. Thorne Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project) NM: compilation
authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22233.

WASHINGTON CONFERENCE (1921–1922) Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super
8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 356) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22250.

WASHINGTON’S BIRTHDAY. See

  HOLIDAYS.

WATCH THE BIRDIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 23.

WATCH WHERE YOU GO. See

  BEING SAFE.

WATCHING ARTISTS AT WORK (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 325–1–-325–2: Creating an abstract water color. 52
  fr.--Creating a realistic oil portrait. 56 fr.

  Credits: Photographers, Nina Paull & Christopher Clark.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 16Feb72; JP14117–14118.

WATER BIRDS. See

  WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.

WATER DEPRIVATION SODIUM ION TOXICITY (SALT POISONING) IN SWINE. Iowa
State University College of Veterinary Medicine, Biomedical
Communications Section. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State
University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
1Mar72; MP22481.

WATER MOVEMENT IN STEMS. No. 640. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Producer & photographer, B. L. Ruffner.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Apr72; MP22671.

WATER, WATER EVERYWHERE AND NOT A DROP TO DRINK. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 13, issue 1.

THE WATER WORKS. Roa’s Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
Ray J. Lenahan. © Roa’s Films; 25Oct71; LP40322.

THE WAY OF OUR FATHERS. Humboldt State College Foundation. 33 min., sd.,
color. © Humboldt State College Foundation; 5Apr72; MU8430.

THE WAY OF THE CHINESE BRUSH. Philadelphia Museum of Art, Division of
Education. 12 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. © Philadelphia Museum of Art;
14Jan72; MP22219.

WAYS THAT ANIMALS GROW UP. See

  CLASSIFYING.

WE DISCOVER THE ENCYCLOPEDIA. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
1Jun71; MP22157.

WE ONCE CAME HOME TO PARADES. See

  SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

WE WORK TOGETHER (Filmstrip) Fortress Press. 44 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Richard N. Clapper; editor, John A. Jorgenson;
  photographer, Ed Eckstein.

  © Fortress Press; 3Jan72; JP13696.

WEARY WILLIES. See

  BONANZA.

WEATHER MAPS. See

  [MAP READING]

THE WEDDING. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 124.

WEIGHT. See

  MEASURING.

WEIGHT AND MASS RELATIONSHIPS. See

  INVESTIGATING RELATIONSHIPS IN MATTER.

WELCOME ABOARD! Roundtable Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 5May72; LP40898.

WELL COMPLETIONS. Society of Petroleum Engineers of AIME. 10 hr., sd.,
b&w. (Production operations, course 1) Videotape (1/2″) © American
Institute of Mining, Metallurgical & Petroleum Engineers, Inc.; 9Dec71;
MU8388.

WEST CHICHAGOF! Sierra Club. Made by Dawson Productions. Distributed by
Association-Sterling Films. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: By John Flannery & Laurence Dawson; narrator, Rolf Russell;
  film editor, Sheri Espar.

  © Sierra Club; 1Oct71; MP22442.

WEST SUDAN. See

  THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.

THE WEST THE WAY IT WAS (Filmstrip) Perfection Form Co. 116 fr., color,
35 mm. With record & script (20 p.) © Perfection Form Co.; 15Sep71;
JP13583.

WEST VS. COLONEL MACKENZIE. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

A WESTERN DREAM. Bill Sandy Co. Released by United Artists Corp. 10
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 26Mar72; LP40821.

WHADDYA MEAN, THE HORSE GETS THE GIRL. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

WHAT ARE ANIMAL TAILS FOR? Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
3May71; MP22154.

WHAT BRINGS US TOGETHER. See

  UNDERSTANDING YOUR PARENTS.

WHAT DID YOU TAKE? New York State Dept. of Health. Made by Knightsbridge
Productions. 36 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Commentary, Harold Trigg.

  © New York State Dept. of Health; 15Jul71; MP22098.

WHAT HOUSE ACROSS THE STREET. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 14.

[WHAT IS A ____?] (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X229–A--X229–F: What is a rock? 54 fr.--What is a plant? 47
  fr.--What is an animal? 44 fr.--What is water? 51 fr.--What is a
  cloud? 62 fr.--What is day and night? 58 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Bertram M. Siegel.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13860, 13900, 13875, 13842,
  13850, 13918.

WHAT IS A JOB. See

  [JOB INTERVIEW]

WHAT IS BANKING. See

  [BANKING]

WHAT IS COMMUNICATION (Filmstrip) Fortress Press. 4 filmstrips, color,
35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–4: Some ideas about it. 13 fr.--They don’t listen to
  me. 12 fr.--Build a sender/receiver. 12 fr.--Meanings and stuff. 12
  fr.

  Credits: Producer, Richard N. Clapper; editor, John A. Jorgenson; art,
  Gina McKee.

  © Fortress Press; 3Jan72; JP13694–13695, 13692–13693.

WHAT IS CONSERVATION. See

  SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.

WHAT IS DRIVER’S ED. See

  [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]

WHAT IS EVOLUTION. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.

WHAT IS GENETICS. See

  AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.

WHAT IS MONEY. See

  MONEY: HOW IT FUNCTIONS.

WHAT IS STEALING. See

  VALUES.

WHAT IS THE STOCK MARKET. See

  THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.

WHAT IS ZERO? Review Educational Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep71; MP22597.

WHAT IT MEANS TO YOU. See

  THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.

WHAT SEPARATES US. See

  UNDERSTANDING YOUR PARENTS.

WHAT THEY ARE. See

  FORM CLASS WORDS.

  INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES.

WHAT THEY DO. See

  INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES.

WHAT WATER DOES (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Gerrit C. Zwart; 23Jan67; A292375.

WHATEVER BECAME OF BABY CUSTER. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 11.

WHAT’S AROUND US. See

  THE CITY.

  THE COUNTRY.

  GETTING IT THERE.

  THE HOME.

  PEOPLE.

  THE TOWN.

WHAT’S IN IT FOR ME? Marathon International Productions. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Marathon International Productions, Inc.; 23Nov71;
MP22201.

WHAT’S NEW, POODLE DOG. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 36.

WHAT’S YOUR AUTHORITY? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
10Apr72; MP22856.

THE WHEAT AND THE WEEDS. See

  THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.

WHEEL-AND-AXLE PULLEY. See

  INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES.

WHEELY-BIRD. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

WHEN I AM LIFTED UP (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 32 fr., color, 35
mm. A Communico production.

  Credits: Script, Earle H. Gaulke; artist, William
  Spitzmiller/Communico.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 28Apr72; JP14012.

WHEN JOHNNY COMES MARCHING HOME. American Broadcasting Companies. 50
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.;
15Aug71; MP22471.

WHEN LOVE NEEDS CARE. Leonard C. Schwarz. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Leonard C. Schwarz; director, Barry Pollack;
  photographer & editor, David Espar.

  © Leonard C. Schwarz; 24Jan72; MP22317.

WHEN RIGHTS CONFLICT. See

  YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

WHEN THE GRASS WAS GREEN AND THE WATER BLUE. See

  SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.

WHERE THE WILD GOOSE GOES. American National Enterprises. 25 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. A North American Wildlife production. © American National
Enterprises, Inc.; 7Jan70; LP40474.

WHERE WERE WE, WALDO. See

  STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

WHERE’D YOU GO-GO. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 12.

WHERE’S YOUR LOYALTY? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
11Apr72; MP22677.

WHICH SET HAS MORE? (Filmstrip) Mathematics Dept. of the Educational
Research Council of America. 21 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational
Research Council of America; 1Feb72; A309990.

WHICH WAY TO THE FRONT? Jerry Lewis Films. Released by Warner Bros. 96
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Jerry Lewis.

  Cast: Jerry Lewis, John Wood, Steve Franken, Jan Murray, Dack Rambo.

  © Warner Bros., Inc.; 24Jun70; LP40893.

WHICH WILL IT BE? (Filmstrip) Field Enterprises Educational Corp. Made
by Rocket Pictures. 136 fr., color, 35 mm. © Rocket Pictures, Inc.;
17Mar72; JP14022.

WHITE CELL SERIES. See

  PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY: A MORPHOLOGIC APPROACH TO DIAGNOSIS.

WHITE CLOUD PEAKS. Film Originals. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Helen Stanfield Smith. © George Oliver Smith & Helen Stanfield
Smith d.b.a. Film Originals; 3Apr72; MP22566.

WHITERIVER, ARIZONA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 12.

WHO ARE YOU CALLING A GENIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 69.

WHO NEEDS A GREEN-EYED GENIE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 39.

WHO NEEDS RULES? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
10Apr72; MP22676.

WHO SAID WHAT? (Filmstrip) Augsburg Pub. House & Board of Publication,
Lutheran Church in America. 12 fr., color, 35 mm. For use with Alter
egos.

  Credits: Cartoon art: Luther Lindberg.

  © Augsburg Pub. House & Board of Publication, Lutheran Church in
  America; 1Dec71; JP13756.

WHO SAYS YOU CAN’T MAKE FRIENDS IN NEW YORK CITY. See

  MCCLOUD.

WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X235–A--X235–F: Sea gulls. 46 fr.--Squirrels. 37 fr.--Frogs
  and toads. 51 fr.--Oysters, clams and mussels. 42 fr.--Water birds. 49
  fr.--Earthworms. 36 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Bertram M. Siegel.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13840, 13854, 13923, 13934,
  13841, 13851.

WHY DO WE? (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational Direction. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X230–A--X230–F: Work and play. 51 fr.--Have rules. 48
  fr.--Have homes. 47 fr.--Grow. 44 fr.--Feel. 48 fr.--Die. 45 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Judith H. Russell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13866, 13820, 13917, 13880,
  13919, 13867.

WHY DRUGS. See

  DRUGS IN TODAY’S WORLD.

WHY I BLEW UP DAKOTA. SEE

  THE NAME OF THE GAME.

WHY JONATHAN GIVES THANKS (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 26 fr.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Iwao Yamanaka. © Concordia Pub. House;
1Jun71; JP13751.

WHY WE KEEP RECORDS. See

  THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.

WHY WE SEE LIKE HUMAN BEINGS (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 2
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 2 teacher’s guides. Produced in
cooperation with the Better Vision Institute.

  Contents: A566–1–-A566–2: Our eyes and how they work. 66 fr.--Vision
  problems and eye care. 73 fr.

  © Society for Visual Education, Inc. & Better Vision Institute, Inc.;
  10Mar69; A119515.

WIDOWS. Edward A. Mason. 43 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Edward A. Mason;
2Mar72; MP22396.

THE WILD BUNCH. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 140 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision.

  Credits: Director & writer, Sam Peckinpah.

  Cast: William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, Warren Oates, Ben Johnson,
  Jaime Sanchez.

  © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 18Jun69; LP40894.

WILL ROGERS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm.
documents project, no. 351) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22422.

WILL SOMEONE PLANT MY FLOWERS FAIR. See

  MESSAGE FROM GOD.

WILLIAM BLAKE. American Broadcasting Companies. 2 motion pictures (27
min. each), sd., color, 16 mm. (Directions) Presented in cooperation
with National Council of Churches.

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: Innocence and experience.--Prophet.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Aram Boyajian; narrator, Gilbert
  Hodges.

  Cast: Allen Ginsberg.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 28Dec70 (in notice: 1971);
  MP22707–22708.

WILLIAM CHRISTENSEN. ETS Program Service. Made by KUED. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Max Fortie; director, Charles Moore;
  cinematographer, C. Larry Roberts.

  © ETS Program Service; 8Mar72; MU8414.

WINDFALL. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

WINTER. See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

WINTER KILL. See

  BONANZA.

WITH LOVE, BULLETS & VALENTINES. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

WITNESS IN ROME. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

WITNESSES IN JERUSALEM. See

  PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.

WOLF TRACK. See

  THE MEN FROM SHILOH.

WOMAN. United Artists Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists
Corp.; 28Oct70; LP40743.

WOMAN’S PLACE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

WOMEN: THE FORGOTTEN MAJORITY (Filmstrip) Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals,
Times-Mirror. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 112 fr.; pt. 2, 106 fr.), color, 35
mm. With Teacher’s guide, 31 p.

  Credits: Producer, Joan Troy; narrator, Gloria Steinem; photographers,
  Charmian Reading & Camilla Smith; editor, Anita Davidson.

  © Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals, Inc., solely owned by Times-Mirror
  Co.: 3May71; A328558.

WOMEN’S LIBERATION. American Broadcasting Companies. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Now) A presentation of ABC News.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Marlene Sanders.

  © American Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 12May70; MP22394.

WOMEN’S SUFFRAGE MOVEMENT. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm.
(The 8 mm. documents project, no. 335) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22238.

WONDER SERIES. See

  SLEEP AND DREAMS.

WONDERS OF HIS LOVE (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 22 fr., color, 35
mm. Appl. author: Janie Kline. © Concordia Pub. House; 1Jun71; JP13577.

WOOL: FROM FLEECE TO FASHION. Pendelton Woolen Mills. 20 min., sd. ©
Pendelton Woolen Mills; 21Apr72; MU8445.

THE WORD AND THE ECHO. Ian Clark. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the
poem, Paul Revere’s Ride, by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. © Ian Clark;
11May71; LP40897.

WORD RECOGNITION. See

  TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS.

WORDS AND SOUNDS. Set 2 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
McGraw-Hill Films & University Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Consonant sounds: J, Y, Sh, Ch. 47 fr.--Consonant sounds: K,
  G, F, V. 44 fr.--Consonant sounds: L, R, S, Z. 46 fr.--Consonant
  sounds: M, W, P, B. 45 fr.--Consonant sounds: T, D, N, H. 45
  fr.--Consonant sounds: Wh, Ng, Th. 44 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Marvin L. Reiter; art director, Ed Dahlin; author,
  Louise Binder Scott; illustrator, Steve Duquette.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Apr72 (in notice: 1971); JP14023, 14027, 14024,
  14028, 14026–14025.

WORDS AND SOUNDS. Set 3 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films & University
Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide.

  Contents: The short a vowel sound. 43 fr.--The short e vowel sound. 41
  fr.--The short i vowel sound. 43 fr.--The short o vowel sound. 42
  fr.--The short u vowel sound. 41 fr.--The aw sound. 40 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Marvin L. Reiter; author, Louise Binder Scott; art
  director, Ed Dahlin; illustrator, Lillian Brandi; designer, Karen
  Pittman.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 19May72 (in notices: 1971); JP14134–14139.

WORDSWORTH’S LAKE COUNTRY: IMAGE OF MAN AND NATURE. Perfection Form Co.
Made by Cine-Image Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Perfection
Form Co.; 15Sep71; MP22164.

WORK AND PLAY. See

  WHY DO WE.

THE WORK ETHIC. See

  THE PURITAN LEGACY.

WORKING WITH MAPS (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X237–A--X237–F: Reviewing the elements of a map. 58 fr.--The
  globe. 60 fr.--Political and topographic maps. 44 fr.--Isograms. 41
  fr.--Special purpose maps. 43 fr.--Projections. 53 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Donald J. Reis; graphic artist, Edward A.
  Casker.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep71; JP13902, 13871, 13943, 13812,
  13810, 13874.

WORLD OF WORK. See

  RESCUE SQUAD.

  TUGBOAT CAPTAIN.

WORLD WAR I: RUSSO-TURKISH NAVAL BATTLE. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 338) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22240.

WORLD WAR I: U.S. HOME FRONT. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 340) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22242.

WORLD WAR I: U.S. HOME FRONT CARTOONS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w,
Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 339) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, Dale C. Willard, James C. Schott & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22241.

WORTH OF A MAN. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

WRECKED BUTLER. See

  THE GOOD LIFE.

WRIGHT BROTHERS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm.
documents project, no. 330) Loop film.

  Credits: Producers, James C. Schott, Dale C. Willard & Dennis S.
  Grogan.

  NM: compilation authorship.

  © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP22834.

WRITERS ON WRITING. See

  CATHERINE DRINKER BOWEN: OTHER PEOPLE’S LIVES.

WRITING A BOOK REPORT. See

  HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.

WRITING A PAPER. See

  HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.

WRITING, PRESENTING INFORMATION AND DATA. See

  HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.

WRITING THE PRESIDENT. See

  ALL IN THE FAMILY.

WUTHERING HEIGHTS. American International Productions (England) Released
by American International Pictures. 21 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
the novel by Emily Bronte. © American International Productions
(England) Ltd.; 15Dec70; LP40320.

WYNKEN, BLYNKEN AND NOD. Weston Woods Studios. 4 min., sd., color, 16
mm. From the poem by Eugene Field. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. ©
Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 31Dec71; LP40381.


                                   X

X Y & ZEE. Zee Films, London. Released in the U.S. by Columbia Pictures.
110 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producers, Jay Kanter & Alan Ladd, Jr.; director, Brian G.
  Hutton; writer, Edna O’Brien; music, Stanley Myers; director of
  photography, Billy Williams; editor, Jim Clark.

  Cast: Elizabeth Taylor, Michael Caine, Susannah York, Margaret
  Leighton, Mary Larkin.

  © Zee Films, Ltd.; 25Oct71; LF93.


                                   Y

THE YACHT MURDER CASE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 6.

YAP. See

  KREE FINDS THE WAY.

THE YELLOW BUG. New Jersey State Dept. of Education. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © New Jersey State Dept. of Education; 2Oct70; LP40866.

YESTERDAY IS BUT A DREAM. See

  MEN AT LAW.

YORKTOWN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Adapted from the EBEC filmstrip series, War for independence.
Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. NM: additional cinematography. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 10Apr72 (in notice: 1971);
MP22861.

YOU AND YOUR COMMUNITY BANK (Filmstrip) L. A. Whitney Associates. 79
fr., color, 35 mm. © L. A. Whitney Associates, Inc.; 10Jun64; JP13590.

YOU CAN’T ARREST ME, I DON’T HAVE A DRIVER’S LICENSE. See

  I DREAM OF JEANNIE. 49.

YOU CAN’T HAVE YOUR CAKE. See

  H. R. PUFNSTUF.

YOU PROMISED. See

  FIRST THINGS: YOU PROMISED.

YOUNG MARRIEDS. See

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

YOUR DENTAL EXAMINATION (Filmstrip) Professional Education & Research.
58 fr., color, 35 mm. © Professional Education & Research, a div. of
Patrick Productions, Inc.; 1Jan72 (in notice: 1971); JP13797.

YOUR EARS ARE FOR HEARING. See

  DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.

YOUR EYES ARE FOR SEEING. See

  DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.

YOUR NOSE IS FOR SMELLING. See

  DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.

YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made
by Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X206–A--X206–F: Protecting each Individual. 43 fr.--Privacy
  and freedom. 42 fr.--Innocent until proven guilty. 38 fr.--The trial.
  40 fr.--I’ll sue. 38 fr.--When rights conflict. 48 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP13830, 13929, 13829, 13857,
  13912, 13825.

YOUR SENSES WORK TOGETHER. See

  DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.

YOUR SKIN IS FOR FEELING. See

  DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.

YOUR STUDY SKILLS: LEARNING FROM PICTURES. Coronet Instructional Films.
13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 17Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP22374.

YOUR TONGUE IS FOR TASTING. See

  DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.

YUGOSLAVIA, LAND OF THE SOUTH SLAVS (Filmstrip) Popular Science
Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals,
Inc.; 2Mar70; A196101.


                                   Z

Z.P.G. (ZERO POPULATION GROWTH) Sagittarius Productions. Released by
Paramount Pictures Corp. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Thomas F. Madigan; director, Michael Campus;
  screenplay, Max Ehrlich & Frank De Felitta; music composer &
  conductor, Jonathan Hodge; director of photography, Michael Reed;
  editor, Dennis Lanning.

  Cast: Oliver Reed, Geraldine Chaplin, Don Gordon, Diane Cilento, David
  Markham.

  © Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 31Dec71; LP40870.

THE /Z/ SOUND. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. With tape. Appl. author: Jack Ferrucci. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 31Aug71; JP13961.

ZEPPELIN. Getty & Fromkess Picture Corp. [Belgium] Released in the U.S.
by Warner Bros. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.

  Cast: Michael York, Rupert Davies, Alexandra Stewart, Marius Goring,
  Elke Sommer.

  © Getty & Fromkess Picture Corp. & Warner Bros., Inc.; 2Apr71;
  LP40891.

ZOO ANIMALS BEHIND THE SCENES. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire,
Inc.; 3May71; MP22161.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of motion pictures for which renewal
registrations were made during the period covered by this issue.
Information relating to both the original and the renewal registration
is included in each entry. References from variant titles and from
distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

ABC PIN-UP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
6Dec44; M15489. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72; R522323.

ADDRESS UNKNOWN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
1Jun44; L12703. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R523224.

ADVENTURES OF KITTY O’DAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 20Oct44; LP12930. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528826.

ADVENTURES OF MARK TWAIN, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 13May44; L12643. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
7Jan72; R521033.

THE AFFAIRS OF SUSAN, a photoplay in 11 reels by Hal Wallis Productions.
© 29Mar45; L13202. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
31Mar72; R526319.

AFRICAN DIARY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
1Jan45; L13237. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 1Mar72; R524645.

ALL STAR MELODY MASTER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 16Oct44; MP15302. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
8May72; R528830.

AND TO THINK THAT I SAW IT ON MULBERRY STREET, a photoplay in 1 reel by
Paramount Pictures. © 9Jun44; L12713. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
(PWH); 3Feb72; R522513.

ANGEL PUSS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. (Looney tunes)
© 24Jun44; M14967. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521071.

THE ANVIL CHORUS GIRL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
26May44; L12735. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521041.

APPOINTMENT WITH DEATH. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 6.

AQUA-MAIDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 24Nov44; M15672. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 20Mar72; R525716.

ARE THESE OUR PARENTS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
© 27May44; L12672. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly k.a. Monogram
Pictures Corp. (PWH); 19May72; R529331.

ARIZONA WHIRLWIND, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
4Feb44; L12487. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521027.

ARSENIC AND OLD LACE, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 6Oct44; LP12890. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528820.

AS BABIES. See

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS.

AS THE FLY FLIES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 17Nov44;
L13144. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72; R525706.


                                   B

BACKYARD GOLF, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
29May44; M14886. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521063.

BE PATIENT, PATIENT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 30Nov44;
L13259. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72; R525710.

BEES A’BUZZIN’, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
25May44; M14866. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521060.

BERMUDA MYSTERY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 4May44; L12824. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521447.

BETRAYAL FROM THE EAST, a photoplay in 82 min. by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
22Mar45; L13283. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529250.

BETWEEN TWO WORLDS, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
20May44; L1265O. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521034.

BEWITCHED, a photoplay in 7 reels by Loew’s. © 19Jun45; L13327.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Jun72; R531326.

THE BIG BONANZA, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
3Jan45; L13080. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531021.

THE BIG BOSS SPEAKS. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 5.

THE BIG NOISE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 10Aug44; L13060. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521458.

BIRDIE AND THE BEAST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
21Aug44; M15130. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524619.

BLACK ARROW, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2 reels
each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap.

  1. The city of gold. © 20Oct44; L13281. 5Apr72; R527524.

  2. Signal of fear. © 27Oct44; L13290. 5Apr72; R527525.

  3. The seal of doom. © 3Nov44; L13308. 5Apr72; R527526.

  4. Terror of the badlands. © 10Nov44; L13315. 5Apr72; R527527.

  5. The secret of the vault. © 17Nov44; L13326. 5Apr72; R527528.

  6. Appointment with death. © 24Nov44; L13350. 5Apr72; R527529.

  7. The chamber of horror. © 1Dec44; L13359. 5Apr72; R527530.

  8. The vanishing dagger. © 8Dec44; L13372. 5Apr72; R527531.

  9. Escape from death. © 15Dec44; L13387. 5Apr72; R527532.

  10. The gold cache. © 22Dec44; L13407. 5Apr72; R527533.

  11. The curse of the killer. © 29Dec44; L13420. 5Apr72; R527534.

  12. Test by torture. © 5Jan45; L13433. 19May72; R529195.

  13. The sign of evil. © 12Jan45; L13441. 19May72; R529196.

  14. An Indian’s revenge. © 19Jan45; L13443. 19May72; R529197.

  15. The Black Arrow triumphs. © 26Jan45; L13452. 19May72; R529198.

BLACK ARROW TRIUMPHS. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap, no. 15.

BLACK GOLD AND CACTUS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas’ movietone adventures) © 10Nov44;
M15463. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521477.

BLACK MAGIC, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
15Jul44; L12737. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. formerly k.a. Monogram
Pictures Corp. (PWH); 16Jun72; R530967.

THE BLAZING TRAP. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 2.

BLOCK BUSTERS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
22Jul44; L12749. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly k.a. Monogram
Pictures Corp. (PWH); 15Jun72; R530953.

BLUE GRASS GENTLEMEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 15Sep44; M15269. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521475.

BLUENOSE SCHOONER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 14Oct44; MP15301. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528829.

BOB WILLS AND HIS TEXAS PLAYBOYS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner
Bros. Pictures. © 7Oct44; MP15291. United Artists Television, Inc.
(PWH); 8May72; R528828.

THE BODY SNATCHER, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
15Feb45; L13340. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529251.

BONNIE LASSIE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 11Oct44;
L12884. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R523786.

BOOBY DUPES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
17Mar45; L13362. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529190.

BOSTON BLACKIE BOOKED ON SUSPICION, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia
Pictures Corp. © 10May45; L13305. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 14Jun72; R530834.

BOTH BARRELS BLAZING, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 17May45; L13279. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72;
R530831.

BRENDA STARR, REPORTER, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures
Corp. 2 reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH)

  Chap. no.

  1. Hot news! © 26Jan45; L13282. 19May72; R529215.

  2. The blazing trap. © 2Feb45; L13289. 19May72; R529216.

  3. Taken for a ride. © 9Feb45; L13307. 19May72; R529217.

  4. A ghost walks. © 16Feb45; L13314. 19May72; R529219.

  5. The big boss speaks. © 23Feb45; L13325. 19May72; R529187.

  6. Man hunt! © 2Mar45; L13351. 19May72; R529188.

  7. Hideout of terror. © 9Mar45; L13360. 19May72; R529189.

  8. Killer at large. © 16Mar45; L13373. 19May72; R529192.

  9. Dark magic. © 23Mar45; L13386. 19May72; R529193.

  10. A double-cross. © 30Mar45; L13406. 19May72; R529194.

THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
10May45; L13344. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529253.

BRING ON THE GIRLS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
16Feb45; L13216. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
31Mar72; R526320.

BRONCS AND BRANDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
3Nov44; M15364. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522534.

BROTHER BRAT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 24Oct44;
MP15337. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528837.

BUCKAROO BUGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 30Aug44;
M15164. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524621.

BUFFALO BILL, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 11Apr44; L12908. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521452.

BUGS BUNNY & THREE BEARS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
© 3May44; M14790. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521057.

BUGS BUNNY NIPS THE NIPS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
© 23Apr44; M14754. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521055.


                                   C

CALIFORNY ER BUST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
1Feb45; L13616. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 16Mar72; R525337.

A CALIPH’S TREACHERY. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 4.

CALL OF THE JUNGLE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
24jun44; L12720. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521039.

CANINE PATROL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
31May45: L104. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 3Jul72; R531290.

CANINE CASANOVA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
12Feb45; L13586. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 16Mar72; R525334.

CAN’T HELP SINGING, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
11Dec44; L13012. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72; R522318.

CAROLINA BLUES, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
11Dec44; L13087. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525700.

CATCH ’EM AND EAT ’EM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
© 7Jul44; M15756. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522538.

CATTLEMEN’S DAYS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
26Jun44; M14966. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521070.

CAVALCADE OF DANCE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 29May44; M14889. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521064.

CHAMBER OF HORROR. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 7.

THE CHEATERS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions. © 8jun45;
L13333. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R551035.

THE CHICAGO KID, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Pictures Corp. ©
15May45; L13354. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531037.

CHINATOWN CHAMPS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
18Apr44; M14719. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521051.

THE CHINESE CAT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
15Apr44; L12667. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521047.

CILLY GOOSE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 24Mar44;
L12616. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R522511.

CITY OF GOLD. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 1.

CITY OF PARADOX, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. (Movietone adventures) © 17Nov44; M16231. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521484.

CLEANLINESS BRINGS HEALTH, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 4jun45; M16119. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 3Jul72;
R531288.

THE CLOCK, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew’s, © 23Mar45; L13200.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 27Mar72; R525910.

COLORADO TROUT; a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
7Aug44; M15086. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524618.

COMMUNITY SING, a series of motion pictures by Columbia pictures Corp. 1
reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 8, 1943/44.

  12. © 16Jun44; M15083. 17Jan72; R525227.

  Series 9, 1944/45.

  1. © 1Sep44; M15656. 20Mar72: R525715.

  2. © 12Oct44; M15694. 20Mar72; R525717.

  3. © 10Nov44; M16004. 20Mar72; R525684.

  4. © 1Dec44; M15695. 20Mar72; R525718.

  5. © 1Jan45; M15696. 19May72; R529178.

  6. © 9Feb45; M15697. 19May72; R529179.

  7. © 15Mar45; M16OO5. 19Mar72; R529181.

THE CONSPIRATORS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
21Oct44; LP12916. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528824.

CORPUS CHRISTI BANDITS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
© 20Apr45; L13246. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531030.

COUNTER-ATTACK, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
26Apr45; L13280. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72;
R530832.

COWBOY FROM LONESOME RIVER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 25Nov44; L12992. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
20Mar72; R525697.

CRIME BY NIGHT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
12Sep44; L12835. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524613.

CRIME BY NIGHT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
6Oct44; L12868. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521043.

THE CRIME DOCTOR’S COURAGE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 20Feb45; L13095. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
19May72; R529203.

CRY OF THE WEREWOLF, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
11Aug44; L12815. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523205.

CURED DUCK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. © 13Apr45;
L13065. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 15May72; R529684.

CURSE OF THE KILLER. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 11.

CYCLONE PRAIRIE RANGERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 1Dec44; L12991. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
20Mar72; R525696.


                                   D

DANCING IN MANHATTAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 14Dec44; L13154. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525707.

DANGEROUS JOURNEY, a motion picture in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 21Aug44; M15898. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521483.

DARK MAGIC. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 9.

THE DAWN OF BETTER LIVING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 13Apr45; M15998. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 15May72;
R529682.

THE DESERT HAWK, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2
reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap. no.

  1. The twin brothers. © 7Jul44; L12807. 3Feb72; R523203.

  2. The evil eye. © 14Jul44; L12809. 3Feb72; R523204.

  3. The mark of the scimitar. © 21Jul44; L12821. 3Feb72; R523207.

  4. A caliph’s treachery. © 28Jul44; L12832. 3Feb72; R523208.

  5. The secret of the palace. © 4Aug44; L12841. 3Feb72; R523209.

  6. The feast of the beggars. © 11Aug44; L12845. 3Feb72; R523210.

  7. Double jeopardy. © 18Aug44; L12866. 3Feb72; R523211.

  8. The slave traders. © 25Aug44; L12893. 3Feb72; R523213.

  9. The underground river. © 1Sep44; L12910. 20Mar72; R525689.

  10. The fateful wheel. © 8Sep44; L12928. 20Mar72; R525690.

  11. The mystery of the mosque. © 15Sep44; L12939. 20Mar72; R525691.

  12. The hand of vengeance. © 22Sep44; L12942. 20Mar72; R525692.

  13. Swords of fate. © 29Sep44; L12945. 20Mar72; R525693.

  14. The wizard’s story. © 6Oct44; L12954. 20Mar72; R525694.

  15. The triumph of Kasim. © 13Oct44; L12982. 20Mar72; R525695.

DESERT PLAYGROUND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 29May44; M14885. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521062.

DESIGN FOR LOVING, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
3Nov44; L13235. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525709.

DETECTIVE KITTY O’DAY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
© 8Apr44; L12588. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521031.

DEVIL BOATS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 19Oct44;
LP12909. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528822.

DISNEYLAND, a series of photoplays by Walt Disney Productions. 60 min.
each. © Walt Disney Productions (PWH)

  Show no.

  9. 1954 Christmas show (Fantasyland) © 1Dec54 (in notice: 1944);
  L9350. 1Mar72; R524646.

DOG, CAT AND CANARY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 5Jan45;
L13148. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72; R529211.

DOG WATCH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. © 2Jan45;
L13213. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 1Mar72; R524643.

DOGIE ROUND UP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
24May44; M14867. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521061.

DONALD’S CRIME, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
1Jan45; L13211. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 1Mar72; R524642.

A DOUBLE-CROSS. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 10.

DOUBLE JEOPARDY. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 7.

DUCK PIMPLES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
16Feb45; L13589. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 16Mar72; R525336.

DUCK SOUP TO NUTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. (Looney
tunes) © 19Jun44; M14960. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521067.


                                   E

EADIE WAS A LADY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
23Jan45; L13149. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529212.

EARL CARROLL VANITIES, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions.
© 7Mar45; L13189. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531024.

ED THORGERSEN’S SPORTS REVIEW. See

  GIRLS PREFERRED.

  NYMPHS OF THE LAKE.

  SKI SLOPES.

  TROLLING FOR STRIKES.

THE EGG-YEGG, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. (The Fox and Crow) ©
2Mar45; L13517. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529199.

THE ENCHANTED COTTAGE, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
9Mar45; L13271. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529248.

ESCAPE FROM DEATH. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 9.

ESCAPE IN THE FOG, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
5Apr45; L13268. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72;
R530826.

EVE KNEW HER APPLES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
12Apr45; L13269. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72;
R530827.

THE EVE OF ST. MARK, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 30May44; L12756. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521441.

EVER SINCE VENUS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
27Oct44; L13086. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525699.

THE EVIL EYE. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 2.

EXPERIMENT PERILOUS, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
18Dec44; L13172. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522303.

THE EYES HAVE IT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
2Jan45; L13214. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 1Mar72; R524644.


                                   F

THE FALCON IN HOLLYWOOD, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
30Nov44; L13284. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522305.

FALL GUY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew’s. © 7Apr45; L13230.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Apr72; R527114.

FANTASYLAND. See

  DISNEYLAND. Show no. 9.

THE FATAL SEARCH. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 4.

FATEFUL WHEEL. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 10.

THE FEAST OF THE BEGGARS. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 6.

FEDERAL OPERATOR, a series of photoplays by Republic Productions. 2
reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Repix, Inc. (PWH)

  1–6. © 4Jun45; L13329. 20Jun72; R531034.

THE FIGHTING GUARDSMAN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 23May45; L13275. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Jun72; R530829.

THE FIGHTING LADY, a motion picture in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 24Dec44; M15860. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521481.

FILIPINO SPORTS PARADE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 24Jun44; M14965. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
7Jan72; R521069.

FILM VODVIL, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp. 1
reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 2, 1944/45.

  1. © 1Sep44; M15299. 20Mar72; R525714.

  2. © 27Oct44; M15750. 20Mar72; R525720.

  3. © 8Dec44; M15751. 20Mar72; R525721.

  4. © 2Feb45; M15913. 19May72; R529180.

FLAME OF BARBARY COAST, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions.
© 6Apr45; L13245. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531029.

FLAMES OF FATE. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 3.

FOLLOW THE LEADER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
29Apr44; L12627. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 13Apr72; R526944.

FOUR JILLS IN A JEEP, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 1Apr44; L12812. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521443.

FOX AND CROW. See

  THE EGG-YEGG.

A FRIEND IN DISGUISE. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 6.

FUN FOR ALL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 14Apr44; M15237. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521472.

FUN TIME, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 16Jun44;
L12721. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R523784.

FURLOUGH FISHING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
25Aug44; M15163. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522532.


                                   G

G.I. SPORTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 10Jul44; M15091. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 3Feb72; R523219.

GENTS WITHOUT CENTS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
11Sep44; L12820. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525688.

A GHOST WALKS. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 3.

GIRL RUSH, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 20Oct44;
L12988. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522300.

GIRLS PREFERRED; a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen’s sports review) © 24Nov44; M15896. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521482.

GOLD CACHE. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 10.

GOLD IS WHERE YOU LOSE IT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 1Sep44; L13136. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
20Mar72; R525702.

GOLDEN GLOVES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
(The World of sports) © 31Mar44; M15107. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 3Jan72; R523199.

GOLDILOCKS AND JIVIN’ BEARS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone
Corp. © 16Oct44; MP15306. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528834.

GREAT DAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 31Dec44;
L707. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522296.

GREAT STAGECOACH ROBBERY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
Productions. © 9Feb45; L13181. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531022.

GREENWICH VILLAGE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 3Aug44; L12842. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521450.

GRISSLY’S MILLIONS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
30Dec44; L13079. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531020.

A GUY, A GAL, AND A PAL, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 8Mar45; L13274. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
19May72; R529214.


                                   H

HALFWAY TO HEAVEN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
25Aug44; L12834. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523785.

HAND OF VENGEANCE. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 12.

HARE FORCE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 26Aug44;
M15158. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524620.

HARE RIBBIN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 16Oct44;
MP15304. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528832.

HAVING WONDERFUL CRIME, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
31Dec44; L13273. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522304.

HEALTH FOR THE AMERICAS. See

  HOW DISEASE TRAVELS.

  INFANT CARE.

HEATHER AND YON, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
8Dec44; L13142. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525704.

HEDGE HOPPERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
(The World of sports) © 20Oct44; M15894. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72; R525724.

HEROES ON THE MEND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
24Mar44; M14680. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522525.

HIDEOUT OF TERROR. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 7.

HIS HOTEL SWEET, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
15Jul44; L12765. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523200.

A HISTORIA DE JOSE (The history of Jose) A motion picture in 1 reel by
Walt Disney Productions. © 29Dec44; M15713. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 5Jan72; R520747.

HITCHHIKE TO HAPPINESS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions.
© 7Jun45; L13425. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531039.

HOCKEY HOMICIDE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
27Feb45; L13588. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 16Mar72; R525335.

HOLLYWOOD SCOUT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 7Apr45; L13231.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Apr72; R527115.

HOME IN INDIANA, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 14Jun44; L12924. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521453.

HOOKWORM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
4May45; M16118. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 8Jun72; R530517.

HOT NEWS. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 1.

HOT RHYTHM, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 26Feb44;
L12535. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521029.

HOW DISEASE TRAVELS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. (Health for the Americas) © 11Jun45; M16189. Walt Disney
Productions (PWH); 3Jul72; R531289.

HULLABA-LULU, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 17Mar44;
L12547. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R522509.


                                   I

I GOT PLENTY OF MUTTON, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
26Apr44; M14772. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521056.

I LOVE A MYSTERY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
25Jan45; L13145. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529209.

IDLE ROOMERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
4Aug44; L12770. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523202.

I’M JUST CURIOUS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 8Sep44;
L12846. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R522518.

THE IMPATIENT YEARS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
18Aug44; L12867. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523212.

IN A HAREM. See

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS.

IN MONKEY BUSINESS. See

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS.

IN THE MEANTIME, DARLING, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 13Sep44; L13204. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521463.

IN THE NEWSREELS. See

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS.

IN WINTER QUARTERS. See

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS.

AN INDIAN’S REVENGE. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. no. 14.

INFANT CARE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions.
(Health for the Americas) © 10Mar45; M16188. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 17Apr72; R527340.

INSECTS AS CARRIERS OF DISEASE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt
Disney Productions. © 13Jun45; M16117. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
3Jul72; R531287.

IRISH EYES ARE SMILING, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 12Oct44; L12983. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521456.

IT LOOKS LIKE RAIN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 12Mar45; L13206.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar72; R525180.

IT’S NIFTY TO BE THRIFTY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
18Aug44; L12803. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522515.


                                   J

JANE EYRE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
3Feb44; L12813. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521444.

JANIE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 2Sep44;
L12810. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524612.

JASPER GOES HUNTING, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
28Jul44; L12805. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522516.

JASPER’S PARADISE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
20Sep44; L12906. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522519.

JEALOUSY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. © 19Jun45;
L13437. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531040.

JEWELS OF IRAN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 25Aug44; M15268. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521474.

JOHNNY DOESN’T LIVE HERE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 20May44; LP12698. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 12May72;
R528907.

JOSE COME BEM (JOSE EATS WELL) A motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 29Dec44; M15714. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 5Jan72;
R520748.

JOSE EATS WELL. See

  JOSE COME BEM (JOSE EATS WELL).

JUNGLE CAPTIVE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
6Dec44; L13030. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72; R522319.

JUNGLE THRILLS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
23Apr44; M14753. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521054.

JUNIOR JIVE BOMBERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 31Jul44; M15068. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
3Mar72; R524617.


                                   K

K–9 KADETS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 8Sep44; M15893. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 20Mar72; R525723.

KEEP YOUR POWDER DRY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew’s. © 12Feb45;
L13140. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Feb72; R523349.

THE KEYS OF THE KINGDOM, a photoplay in 14 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 14Dec44; L13126. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521461.

KICKAPOO JUICE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 23Feb45; L13312.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72; R529218.

KILLER AT LARGE. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 8.

KINGS OF THE FAIRWAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 2Feb45; M16078. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
19May72; R529183.

A KNIGHT AND A BLONDE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 17Nov44; L13316. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525712.

A KNIGHT FOR A DAY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
4Jun45; L117. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 3Jul72; R531291.


                                   L

LADIES OF WASHINGTON, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 25May44; L12755. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521440.

LADY, LET’S DANCE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
29Jan44; L12611. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521770.

LAND OF THE OUTLAWS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
26Aug44; L12831. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. formerly k.a. Monogram
Pictures Corp. (PWH); 29Jun72; R531528.

THE LAST INSTALLMENT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew’s. © 7Apr45;
L13229. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Apr72; R527113.

LAST RIDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 6Oct44;
LP12869. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528819.

LAURA, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
11Oct44; L13194. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521462.

LEATHERNECKS ON PARADE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (Movietone adventures) © 14Jan44; M14788.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521467.

LEAVE IT TO BLONDIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
20Feb45; L13098. King Features Syndicate, a division of Hearst Corp.
(PWH); 14Apr72; R527370.

LEAVE IT TO THE IRISH, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
© 1Jul44; L12727. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521040.

THE LEGEND OF COYOTE ROCK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 10Apr45; L13600. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 8Jun72;
R530516.

LET’S GO STEADY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
4Jan45; L13146. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529210.

LEW LEHR MAKES THE NEWS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 26May44; M14932. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521469.

LIFEBOAT, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
28Jan44; L12521. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521439.

LITTLE WHITE LIE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 20Feb45; L13207.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Feb72; R523644.

THE LODGER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
7Jan44; L12470. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 5Jan72; R520722.

LONE TEXAS RANGER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
16May45; L13322. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531031.

LONG SHOTS OF FAVORITES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. © 8Dec44; M15526. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
3Feb72; R522537.

LOONEY TUNES. See

  ANGEL PUSS.

  DUCK SOUP TO NUTS.

  THE SWOONER CROONER.

LOST AND FOUNDLING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
25Oct44; MP15336. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528836.

LOWELL THOMAS’ MAGIC CARPET OF MOVIETONE. See

  REALM OF ROYALTY.

  STEAMBOAT ON THE RIVER.

LOWELL THOMAS’ MOVIETONE ADVENTURES. See

  BLACK GOLD AND CACTUS.

  MEXICAN MAJESTY.

LUCKY LULU, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 30Jun44;
L12822. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R522517.

LULU AT THE ZOO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 17Nov44;
L13175. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R522522.

LULU GETS THE BIRDIE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
31Mar44; L12642. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522512.

LULU IN HOLLYWOOD, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
19May44; L12722. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522514.

LULU’S BIRTHDAY PARTY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
29Dec44; L13303. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522523.

LULU’S INDOOR OUTING, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
29Sep44; L12960. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522520.


                                   M

MAILMAN OF SNAKE RIVER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 5May44; M15267. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521473.

MAKE YOUR OWN BED, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
10Jun44; L12690. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521038.

MAN HUNT. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 6.

MANHUNT OF MYSTERY ISLAND, a photoplay in 11 reels by Republic
Productions. © 13Jan45; L13067. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531019.

MANHUNT OF MYSTERY ISLAND, a series of photoplays by Republic
Productions.

  2 reels each (no. 1, 3 reels)

  © Repix, Inc. (PWH)

  6–10. © 26Feb45; L13182. 20Jun72; R531023.

  11–15. © 11Apr45; L13244. 20Jun72; R531028.

THE MARK OF THE SCIMITAR. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 3.

THE MARK OF THE WHISTLER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 2Nov44; L13122. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
20Mar72; R527538.

MASK OF DIMITRIOS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
1Jul44; L12724. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524609.

THE MASTER RACE, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
19Oct44; L12986. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522299.

MAT MAULERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 19Jun44; M15108. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 17Jan72; R523228.

THE MECHANICAL TERROR. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 1.

A MEDAL FOR BENNY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
16Apr45; L13352. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
18Apr72; R527466.

MEET MISS BOBBY SOCKS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 12Oct44; L13123. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527539.

MERRIE MELODIES. See

  RUSSIAN RHAPSODY.

MEXICAN MAJESTY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas’ movietone adventures) © 4Aug44; M15192.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521470.

MEXICAN SPORTLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 5Jun44; M14900. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521065.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN ELIZA ON THE ICE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
23Jun44; L12940. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 19Jun72; R531006.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE GREEN LINE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
7Jul44; L13048. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 19Jun72; R531007.

THE MISSING JUROR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
16Nov44; L13094. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527535.

MR. CHIMP AT CONEY ISLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
Pictures Co. © 6Dec44; M15487. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72;
R522321.

MR. FORE BY FORE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 4Aug44;
L12769. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R523201.

MR. MOOCHER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 11Sep44; L12818.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72; R525686.

MR. SKEFFINGTON, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
12Aug44; L12774. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524610.

THE MONSTER AND THE APE, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures
Corp. 2 reels each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap. no.

  1. The mechanical terror. © 20Apr45; L13399. 14Jun72; R530837.

  3. Flames of fate. © 4May45; L13400. 14Jun72; R530838.

  4. The fatal search. © 11May45; L13401. 14Jun72; R530839.

  5. Rocks of doom. © 18May45; L13402. 14Jun72; R530840.

  6. A friend in disguise. © 25May45; L13403. 14Jun72; R530841.

THE MOUSE COMES TO DINNER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 3Apr45;
L13287. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr72; R526565.

MOVIETONE ADVENTURES. See

  CITY OF PARADOX.

  LEATHERNECKS ON PARADE.

  SILVER WINGS.

MOVING AWEIGH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 22Sep44;
L13013. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524616.

MURDER, HE SAYS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 6Apr45;
L13306. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Apr72;
R527465.

MURDER, MY SWEET, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
19Mar45; L13166. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529245.

MUTT ’N BONES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 25Aug44; L13313.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R523218.

MUSICAL MOVIELAND, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
6Oct44; LP12863. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528818.

MY PAL WOLF, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 4Oct44;
L12911. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522297.

MYSTERY OF THE MOSQUE. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. No. 11.

MYSTIC INDIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 12Sep44; M15193. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521471.


                                   N

NEVADA, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 23Dec44; L13170.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529247.

NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1 reel
each. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of Hearst Corp. (PWH)

  v. 16, issue no.

  207. © 4Oct44; M15354. 7Feb72; R522585.

  208. © 5Oct44; M15355. 7Feb72; R522586.

  209. © 11Oct44; M15380. 7Feb72; R522587.

  210. © 13Oct44; M15581. 7Feb72; R522588.

  211. © 18Oct44; M15449. 7Feb72; R522589.

  212. © 20Oct44; M15450. 7Feb72; R522590.

  213. © 25Oct44; M15451. 7Feb72; R522591.

  214. © 27Oct44; M15452. 7Feb72; R522592.

  215. © 1Nov44; M15453. 7Feb72; R522593.

  216. © 3Nov44; M15454. 7Feb72; R522594.

  217. © 8Nov44; M15455. 7Feb72; R522595.

  218. © 10Nov44; M15456. 7Feb72; R522596.

  219. © 15Nov44; M15469. 7Feb72; R522597.

  220. © 17Nov44; M15470. 7Feb72; R522598.

  221. © 21Nov44; M15522. 7Feb72; R522599.

  222. © 24Nov44; M15523. 7Feb72; R522600.

  223. © 29Nov44; M15524. 7Feb72; R522601.

  224. © 1Dec44; M15525. 7Feb72; R522602.

  225. © 6Dec44; M15528. 7Feb72; R522603.

  226. © 8Dec44; M15529. 7Feb72; R522604.

  227. © 13Dec44; M15620. 7Feb72; R522605.

  228. © 15Dec44; M15621. 7Feb72; R522606.

  229. © 20Dec44; M15622. 7Feb72; R522607.

  230. © 22Dec44; M15623. 7Feb72; R522608.

  231. © 27Dec44; M15624. 7Feb72; R522609.

  232. © 29Dec44; M15625. 7Feb72; R522610.

  233. © 3Jan45; M15626. 8May72; R528077.

  234. © 5Jan45; M15627. 8May72; R528078.

  235. © 10Jan45; M15628. 8May72; R528079.

  236. © 12Jan45; M15629. 8May72; R528080.

  237. © 17Jan45; M15793. 8May72; R528081.

  238. © 19Jan45; M15794. 8May72; R528082.

  239. © 24Jan45; M15795. 8May72; R528083.

  240. © 26Jan45; M15796. 8May72; R528084.

  241. © 31Jan45; M15797. 8May72; R528085.

  242. © 2Feb45; M15798. 8May72; R528086.

  243. © 7Feb45; M15799. 8May72; R528087.

  244. © 9Feb45; M15800. 8May72; R528088.

  245. © 14Feb45; M15801. 8May72; R528089.

  246. © 16Feb45; M15802. 8May72; R528090.

  247. © 20Feb45; M15803. 8May72; R528091.

  248. © 23Feb45; M15804. 8May72; R528092.

  249. © 28Feb45; M15805. 8May72; R528093.

  250. © 2Mar45; M15806. 8May72; R528094.

  251. © 7Mar45; M15807. 8May72; R528095.

  252. © 9Mar45; M15899. 8May72; R528096.

  253. © 14Mar45; M15900. 8May72; R528097.

  254. © 16Mar45; M15901. 8May72; R528098.

  255. © 21Mar45; M15902. 8May72; R528099.

  256. © 23Mar45; M15903. 8May72; R528100.

  257. © 28Mar45; M15904. 8May72; R528101.

  258. © 30Mar45; M15905. 8May72; R528102.

  259. © 4Apr45; M15906. 9Jun72; R530748.

  260. © 6Apr45; M15907. 9Jun72; R530749.

  261. © 11Apr45; M16064. 9Jun72; R530750.

  262. © 13Apr45; M16065. 9Jun72; R530751.

  263. © 18Apr45; M16066. 9Jun72; R530752.

  264. © 20Apr45; M16067. 9Jun72; R530753.

  265. © 25Apr45; M16068. 9Jun72; R530754.

  266. © 27Apr45; M16082. 9Jun72; R530755.

NIGHT IN MEXICO CITY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
24May44; L12658. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521036.

1954 CHRISTMAS SHOW. See

  DISNEYLAND. Show no. 9.

NO DOUGH, BOYS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
24Nov44; L13119. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527536.

NO SAIL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. © 3Apr45;
L13587. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 15May72; R529685.

NONE BUT THE LONELY HEART, a photoplay in 12 reels by RKO Radio
Pictures. © 20Oct44; L13003. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522301.

NYMPHS OF THE LAKE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen’s sports review) © 9Jun44; M15760. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521480.


                                   O

OFF AGAIN, ON AGAIN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
16Feb45; L13236. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529213.

OH WHAT A NIGHT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
29Jul44; L12887. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly k.a. Monogram
Pictures Corp. (PWH); 15Jun72; R530954.

ONCE OVER LIGHTLY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
28Oct44; LP12929. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528825.

ONE-MAN NEWSPAPER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
© 6Dec44; M15491. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72; R522325.

ONE MYSTERIOUS NIGHT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 20Oct44; L13022. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525698.

OPEN FIRE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 18Feb44;
M14570. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521106.

OPEN SEASON FOR SAPS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 27Oct44; L13137. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525703.

OUR FRONTIER IN ITALY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 1May44; L12620. © United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521045.

OUTLAW TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
16Mar44; L12534. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521028.


                                   P

PACKAGE FOR JASPER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures, ©
21Jan44; L12455. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521102.

PAN-AMERICANA, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 16Feb45;
L13169. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529246.

PARAMOUNT NEWS, a series of newsreels by Paramount Pictures. 1 reel
each. © Major News Library (PWH)

  1943–44.

  69. © 26Apr44; M14944. 26Apr72; R527945.

  70. © 30Apr44; M14945. 27Apr72; R527923.

  71. © 3May44; M14946. 27Apr72; R527924.

  72. © 7May44; M14947. 27Apr72; R527925.

  73. © 10May44; M14948. 27Apr72; R527926.

  74. © 14May44; M14949. 27Apr72; R527927.

  75. © 17May44; M14950. 27Apr72; R527928.

  76. © 21May44; M15029. 27Apr72; R527929.

  77. © 24May44; M15030. 27Apr72; R527930.

  78. © 28May44; M15031. 27Apr72; R527931.

  79. © 31May44; M15032. 27Apr72; R527932.

  80. © 4Jun44; M15033. 27Apr72; R527933.

  81. 2 reels. © 7Jun44; M15034. 27Apr72; R527934.

  82. © 11Jun44; M15035. 27Apr72; R527935.

  83. © 14Jun44; M15036. 27Apr72; R527936.

  84. © 18Jun44; M15037. 27Apr72; R527937.

  85. © 21Jun44; M15038. 27Apr72; R527938.

  86. © 25Jun44; M15039. 27Apr72; R527939.

  87. © 28Jun44; M15040. 27Apr72; R527940.

  88. © 2Jul44; M15041. 27Apr72; R527941.

  89. © 5Jul44; M15140. 27Apr72; R527942.

  90. © 9Jul44; M15141. 27Apr72; R527943.

  91. © 12Jul44; M15142. 27Apr72; R527944.

  92. © 16Ju144; M15143. 28Apr72; R528258.

  93. © 19Jul44; M15144. 28Apr72; R528259.

  94. © 23Jul44; M15145. 28Apr72; R528260.

  95. © 26Jul44; M15146. 28Apr72; R528261.

  96. © 30Jul44; M15147. 28Apr72; R528262.

  97. © 3Aug44; M15148. 28Apr72; R528263.

  98. © 7Aug44; M15270. 28Apr72; R528264.

  99. © 10Aug44; M15271. 28Apr72; R528265.

  100. © 14Aug44; M15272. 28Apr72; R528266.

  101. © 17Aug44; M15273. 28Apr72; R528241.

  102. © 21Aug44; M15274. 28Apr72; R528242.

  103. © 24Aug44; M15275. 28Apr72; R528243.

  104. © 28Aug44; M15276. 28Apr72; R528244.

  1944–45.

  1. © 31Aug44; M15277. 28Apr72; R528245.

  2. © 4Sep44; M15278. 28Apr72; R528246.

  3. © 7Sep44; M15412. 28Apr72; R528247.

  4. © 11Sep44; M15413. 28Apr72; R528248.

  5. © 14Sep44; M15414. 28Apr72; R528249.

  6. © 18Sep44; M15415. 28Apr72; R528250.

  7. © 21Sep44; M15416. 28Apr72; R528251.

  8. © 25Sep44; M15417. 28Apr72; R528252.

  9. © 28Sep44; M15418. 28Apr72; R528253.

  10. © 2Oct44; M15419. 28Apr72; R528254.

  11. © 5Oct44; M15420. 28Apr72; R528255.

  12. © 9Oct44; M15421. 28Apr72; R528256.

  13. © 12Oct44; M15422. 28Apr72; R528257.

  14. © 16Oct44; M15423. 28Apr72; R528227.

  15. © 19Oct44; M15424. 28Apr72; R528228.

  16. © 23Oct44; M15425. 28Apr72; R528229.

  17. © 26Oct44; M15426. 28Apr72; R528230.

  18. © 30Oct44; M15427. 28Apr72; R528231.

  19. © 2Nov44; M15428. 28Apr72; R528232.

  20. © 6Nov44; M15429. 28Apr72; R528233.

  21. © 9Nov44; M15530. 28Apr72; R528234.

  22. © 13Nov44; M15531. 28Apr72; R528235.

  23. © 16Nov44; M15532. 28Apr72; R528236.

  24. © 20Nov44; M15533. 28Apr72; R528237.

  25. © 23Nov44; M15534. 28Apr72; R528238.

  26. © 27Nov44; M15535. 28Apr72; R528239.

  27. © 30Nov44; M15536. 28Apr72; R528240.

  28. © 4Dec44; M15537. 28Apr72; R528210.

  29. © 7Dec44; M15538. 28Apr72; R528211.

  30. © 11Dec44; M15539. 28Apr72; R528212.

  31. © 15Dec44; M15674. 28Apr72; R528213.

  32. © 19Dec44; M15675. 28Apr72; R528214.

  33. © 22Dec44; M15676. 28Apr72; R528215.

  34. © 26Dec44; M15677. 28Apr72; R528216.

  35. © 29Dec44; M15678. 28Apr72; R528217.

  36. © 2Jan45; M15679. 28Apr72; R528218.

  37. © 5Jan45; M15680. 28Apr72; R528219.

  38. © 9Jan45; M15681. 28Apr72; R528220.

  39. © 12Jan45; M15682. 28Apr72; R528221.

  40. © 16Jan45; M15683. 28Apr72; R528222.

  41. © 19Jan45; M15684. 28Apr72; R528223.

  42. © 23Jan45; M15685. 28Apr72; R528224.

  43. © 26Jan45; M15686. 28Apr72; R528225.

  44. 30Jan45; M15687. 28Apr72; R528226.

  45. © 2Feb45; M15688. 28Apr72; R528195.

  46. © 6Feb45; M15689. 28Apr72; R528196.

  47. © 9Feb45; M15690. 28Apr72; R528197.

  48. © 13Feb45; M15691. 28Apr72; R528198.

  49. © 16Feb45; M15692. 28Apr72; R528199.

  50. © 20Feb45; M15693. 28Apr72; R528200.

  51. © 23Feb45; M15850. 28Apr72; R528201.

  52. © 27Feb45; M15851. 28Apr72; R528202.

  53. © 2Mar45; M15852. 28Apr72; R528203.

  54. © 6Mar45; M15853. 28Apr72; R528204.

  55. © 9Mar45; M15854. 28Apr72; R528205.

  56. 13Mar45; M15855. 28Apr72; R528206.

  57. © 16Mar45; M15856. 28Apr72; R528207.

  58. © 20Mar45; M15857. 28Apr72; R528208.

  59. © 23Mar45; M15858. 28Apr72; R528209.

  60. © 27Mar45; M15859. 28Apr72; R528185.

  61. © 30Mar45; M15946. 28Apr72; R528186.

  62. © 3Apr45; M15947. 28Apr72; R528187.

  63. © 7Apr45; M15948. 28Apr72; R528188.

  64. © 11Apr45; M15949. 28Apr72; R528189.

  65. © 14Apr45; M15950. 28Apr72; R528190.

  66. © 18Apr45; M15951. 28Apr72; R528191.

  67. © 21Apr45; M15952. 28Apr72; R528192.

  68. © 25Apr45; M15953. 28Apr72; R528193.

  69. © 28Apr45; M16040. 28Apr72; R528194.

  70. © 2May45; M16041. 24May72; R529667.

  71. © 5May45; M16042. 24May72; R529668.

  72. © 9May45; M16043. 24May72; R529669.

  73. © 12May45; M16044. 24May72; R529670.

  74. © 16May45; M16045. 24May72; R529671.

  75. © 19May45; M16046. 24May72; R529672.

  76. © 23May45; M16047. 24May72; R529673.

A PEE-KOOL-YAR-SIT-CHEE-AY-SHUH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
11Sep44; L12817. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525685.

THE PHANTOM SPEAKS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
1May45; L13243. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531027.

PHANTOMS INC., a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew’s. © 25Jun45; L13392.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun72; R531325.

PICK A PECK OF PLUMBERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 4Aug44; L13201. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
3Feb72; R523217.

THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew’s. © 6Mar45;
L13198. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Mar72; R524740.

PIGTAIL PILOT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
6Dec44; M15490. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72; R522324.

PIN UP GIRL, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
© 10May44; L12839. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521448.

PITCHIN’ WOO AT THE ZOO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
1Sep44; L12936. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524615.

PLANE DAFFY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 16Oct44;
MP15305. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528833.

PORKYLIAR PIGGY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 13Oct44;
L13260. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72; R525711.

THE POWER OF THE WHISTLER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 19Apr45; L13270. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Jun72; R530828.

THE PRINCESS AND THE PIRATE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Regent Pictures.
© 1Nov44; L12987. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PCW & PWH); 25Feb72;
R523822–523823.

PROUDLY WE SERVE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
14Oct44; LP12898. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528821.

PUPPET LOVE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 11Aug44;
L12885. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521044.

THE PURPLE HEART, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 1Mar44; L12811. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521442.


                                   R

RANGE LAW, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 20May44;
LP12689. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 12May72; R528906.

REALM OF ROYALTY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas’ magic carpet of movietone) © 4Feb44; M14582.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521465.

THE RETURN OF THE APE MAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 13May44; L12655. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 5May72;
R528467.

THE RETURN OF THE DURANGO KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia
Pictures Corp. © 19Apr45; L13278. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 14Jun72; R530830.

THE RIGHT SPARK PLUG IN THE RIGHT PLACE, a motion picture in 1 reel by
Walt Disney Productions. © 17Jan45; M15654. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 15May72; R529683.

ROCKIN’ IN THE ROCKIES, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 17Apr45; L13309. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Jun72; R530835.

ROCKS OF DOOM. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 5.

ROGER TOUHY, GANGSTER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 3Jun44; L12952. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521455.

ROUGH AND TUMBLE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 2Mar45; M16077. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529182.

ROUGH RIDIN’ JUSTICE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 19Feb45; L13085. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529200.

ROUGH, TOUGH AND READY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 22Mar45; L13317. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
19May72; R529220.

RUSSIAN RHAPSODY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. (Merrie
melodies) © 19Jun44; M14961. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
7Jan72; R521068.


                                   S

SADDLE LEATHER LAW, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
21Dec44; L13092. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525701.

SAGEBRUSH HEROES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
1Feb45; L13091. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529201.

SALTY O’ROURKE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
16Feb45; L13241. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
22Feb72; R525512.

SANTA FE SADDLEMATES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
21May45; L13323. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531032.

SAY AH, JASPER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 20Mar44;
L12536. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R522508.

SCREEN SNAPSHOTS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 23, 1943/44.

  10. © 2Jun44; M15109. 17Jan72; R523229.

  Series 24, 1944/45.

  1. Seeing Hollywood with two G.I. Joes. © 25Aug44; M15300. 3Feb72;
  R523220.

  2. © 22Sep44; M15961. 20Mar72; R525727.

  3. © 19Oct44; M15739. 20Mar72; R525719.

  4. © 22Nov44; M15957. 20Mar72; R525725.

  5. © 28Dec44; M15958. 20Mar72; R525726.

  6. © 26Jan45; M16080. 19May72; R529184.

  7. © 25Feb45; M16081. 19May72; R529185.

  8. © 29Mar45; M16410. 19May72; R529186.

THE SCREWY TRUANT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 16Jan45; L13064.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521348.

SEA-FOOD MAMAS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 20Oct44; M15328. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521476.

SEAL OF DOOM. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 3.

SECRET COMMAND, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
15Jun44; L12704. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R523225.

THE SECRET OF THE PALACE. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 5.

SECRET OF THE VAULT. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 5.

SEEING EL SALVADOR, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 6Apr45;
M15974. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Apr72; R527116.

SEEING HOLLYWOOD WITH TWO G.I. JOES. See

  SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. Series 24, 1944/45. 1.

THE SEESAW AND THE SHOES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 1May45;
LP13286. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528732.

SERGEANT MIKE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
9Nov44; L13457. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525713.

SHADOWS IN THE NIGHT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 28Jul44; L13084. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523215.

SHE SNOOPS TO CONQUER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 29Dec44; L13135. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527543.

SHERIFF OF CIMARRON, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
21Feb45; L13203. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531025.

SHE’S A SOLDIER TOO, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
3Jun44; L12679. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R523222.

SHE’S A SWEETHEART, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
7Dec44; L13130. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527541.

SHINE ON, HARVEST MOON, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 8Apr44; L12584. United Artists Corp., Inc.; 7Jan72; R521030.

THE SHOOTING OF DAN MCGOO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 20Feb45;
L13247. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Feb72; R523646.

SHRINES OF YUCATAN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 20Feb45;
M15837. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Feb72; R523647.

THE SIGN OF EVIL. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. no. 13.

SIGNAL OF FEAR. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 2.

SILVER WINGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (Movietone adventures) © 18Feb44; M14583. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521466.

SING ME A SONG OF TEXAS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 8Feb45; L13093. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
19May72; R529202.

SKI SLOPES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (Ed Thorgersen’s sports review) © 21Jul44; M15759. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521479.

SKI WHIZZ, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
30Oct44; MP15353. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528838.

THE SLAVE TRADERS. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 8.

SLIGHTLY DAFFY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 16Oct44;
MP15307. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528835.

SNOOPER SERVICE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
2Feb45; L13141. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529208.

SOMETHING FOR THE BOYS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 16Nov44; L13222. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521464.

SOMETHING YOU DIDN’T EAT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 17May45; M16439. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 8Jun72;
R530518.

SON OF LASSIE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew’s. © 3Apr45; L13328.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr72; R526566.

SONGS OF THE RANGE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 16Oct44; MP15303. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528831.

SONORA STAGECOACH, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
6May44; L12657. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521035.

THE SOUL OF A MONSTER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 17Aug44; L12816. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523206.

SOUTH AMERICAN SWAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 3May44; M14791. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
7Jan72; R521058.

SPEAKING OF ANIMALS, a series by Paramount Pictures. 1 reel each. ©
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

  As babies. © 24Nov44; M15442. 3Feb72; R522535.

  In a harem. © 14Jul44; M15063. 3Feb72; R522531.

  In monkey business. © 15Sep44; M15194. 3Feb72; R522533.

  In the newsreels. © 17Mar44; L12548. 3Feb72; R522510.

  In winter quarters. © 28Jan44; M14454. 7Jan72; R521105.

  Your pet problem. © 20May44; M14893. 3Feb72; R522527.

SPEED COURSES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
9Jun44; M14958. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522529.

SPINACH PACKIN’ POPEYE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
21Jul44; L12804. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521042.

A SPORTING CHANCE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
14May45; L13355. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531038.

STEAMBOAT ON THE RIVER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas’ magic carpet of movietone) ©
10Mar44; M14813. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521468.

STEPPIN’ IN SOCIETY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
18May45; L13324. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531033.

STRANGE AFFAIR, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
5Oct44; L13215. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525708.

STRIFE OF THE PARTY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
13Oct44; L13134. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527542.

STRIKING CHAMPIONS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 22Dec44; M15877. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
20Mar72; R525722.

STRUGGLE FOR LIFE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 18Apr44; M14720. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521052.

STUDENTS OF FORM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 30Jun44; M15758, Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521478.

THE SULLIVANS, a photoplay in 12 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 9Feb44; L12840. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 17Jan72;
R521449.

SUNDAY DINNER FOR A SOLDIER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 14Dec44; L13055. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521457.

SHEET AND LOW DOWN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 7Aug44; L12823. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521446.

SWIMCAPADES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
14Jan44; M14424. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72;
R521104.

SWING IN THE SADDLE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
31Aug44; L13088. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523216.

THE SWOONER CROONER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
(Looney tunes) © 17Jun44; M14959. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
7Jan72; R521066.

SWORDS OF FATE. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 13.


                                   T

TAHITI NIGHTS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
28Dec44; L13124. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527540.

TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 12Jul44; L12933. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521454.

TAKEN FOR A RIDE. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 4.

TALL IN THE SADDLE, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
6Oct44; L12914. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522298.

TAMPICO, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
13Apr44; L12814. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521445.

TANGLED TRAVELS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 8Jun44; L12685.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan72; R523223.

TARZAN AND THE AMAZONS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Champion Productions.
© 13Apr45; L13346. NGC Television, Inc., former name, Banner
Productions, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun72; R530952.

TEN CENTS A DANCE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
30May45; L13288. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72;
R530833.

TERROR OF THE BADLANDS, See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 4.

TEST BY TORTURE. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. no. 12.

THEIR DIZZY DAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
9Oct44; MP15290. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72; R528827.

THEY LIVE IN FEAR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
19Jun44; L12705. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R525226.

THIS MAN’S NAVY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew’s. © 3Jan45; L13051.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R520961.

THREE OF A KIND, a photoplay by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 17Jun44;
L12711. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly Known as Monogram
Pictures Corp. (PWH); 22May72; R529547.

THREE PESTS IN A MESS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 19Jan45; L13118. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529205.

THREE’S A CROWD, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
10Apr45; L13219. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531026.

THRILL OF A ROMANCE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew’s. © 22May45;
L13299. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22May72; R529402.

THROWING THE BULL, a photoplay in 10 min. by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
12Aug44; L12775. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524611.

TICK, TOCK, TUCKERED, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitagraph Corp. ©
15May44; M14825. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 14Feb72;
R522317.

TOGETHER AGAIN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
22Dec44; L13143. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525705.

TONIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 22Feb45; L13131. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
19May72; R529207.

THE TOPEKA TERROR, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
26Jan45; L13065. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531018.

TRACK AND FIELD QUIZ, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 11Mar45;
M15836. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar72; R525181.

TRAIL BREAKERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
24Apr44; M14781. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R522526.

TRIAL BY TRIGGER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
27May44; L12670. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521048.

TRIUMPH OF KASIM. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 15.

TROLLING FOR STRIKES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen’s sports review) © 15Dec44;
M16209. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72; R521485.

TWICE BLESSED, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew’s. © 29May45; L13335.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 30May72; R530311.

THE TWIN BROTHERS. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 1.

TWO GUN RUSTY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 31Oct44;
L12984. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72; R522521.

TWO LOCAL YOKELS, a photoplay in 1,595 ft. by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
2Mar45; L13363. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529191.

TWO O’CLOCK COURAGE, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
15Apr45; L13342. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529252.


                                   U

U-BOAT PRISONER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
25Jul44; L13023. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb72;
R523214.

U.S. COAST GUARD BAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 23Apr44; M14752. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
7Jan72; R521053.

U.S. MARINE ON REVIEW, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 23Oct44; LP12915. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 8May72;
R528823.

U.S. MERCHANT MARINE CADET BAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner
Bros. Pictures. © 8Feb44; M14455. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
7Jan72; R521050.

UNCERTAIN GLORY, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
29Apr44; L12619. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521032.

UNDER WESTERN SKIES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
4Jan45; L13300. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R530333.

UNDERGROUND RIVER. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 9.

UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
Pictures (PWH)

  v. 17.

  351. © 5Dec44; M15555. 31Jan72; R522327.

  352. © 7Dec44; M15556. 31Jan72; R522328.

  353. © 12Dec44; M15557. 31Jan72; R522329.

  354. © 14Dec44; M15558. 31Jan72; R522330.

  355. © 19Dec44; M15565. 31Jan72; R522331.

  356. © 21Dec44; M15566. 31Jan72; R522332.

  357. © 26Dec44; M15650. 31Jan72; R522333.

  358. © 28Dec44; M15651. 31Jan72; R522334.

THE UNSEEN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 16Feb45;
L13217. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 22Feb72;
R525511.

UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS, a series of motion pictures by Paramount Pictures.
1 reel each. © National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

  L 3–2. © 7Jan44; M14398. 7Jan72; R521103.

  L 3–3. © 3Mar44; M14618. 3Feb72; R522524.

  L 3–4. © 5May44; M14925. 3Feb72; R522528.

  L 3–5. © 23Jun44; M14993. 3Feb72; R522530.

  L 3–6. © 1Sep44; M15757. 3Feb72; R522539.

  L 4–1. © 30Oct44; M15446. 3Feb72; R522536.

THE UNWELCOME GUEST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 21Feb45; L13208.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Feb72; R523645.

THE UNWRITTEN CODE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
26Oct44; L13121. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R527537.

THE UTAH KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
26Aug44; L12843. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar72; R524614.


                                   V

THE VALLEY OF DECISION, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew’s. © 13Apr45;
L13232. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Apr72; R528389.

THE VAMPIRE’S GHOST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
17May45; L13353. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 20Jun72; R531036.

VANISHING DAGGER. See

  BLACK ARROW. Chap. 8.

VARGA AND HIS BEAUTIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
Co. © 18Apr44; M14800. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72; R522320.

VARIETY VIEW. See

  YOUR NATIONAL GALLERY.

VOODOO MAN, a photoplay, in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
15Jan44; L12466. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 13Jan72; R522042.


                                   W

A WAVE, A WAC AND A MARINE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 26Aug44; L12837. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. formerly k.a.
Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 30Jun72; R531547.

THE WEAKLY REPORTER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
24May44; M14847. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521059.

WEDDED BLISS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
11Sep44; L12819. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar72;
R525687.

WELLS FARGO DAYS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
23Apr44; L12621. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521046.

WE’RE ON OUR WAY TO RIO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
20Apr44; L12681. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521037.

WEST OF THE RIO GRANDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 24Jun44; L12719. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly known
as Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 24May72; R529589.

WHAT A BLONDE, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 27Jan45;
L13167. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 31Jan72; R522302.

WHEN STRANGERS MARRY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
© 19Aug44; L12838. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly k.a. Monogram
Pictures Corp. (PWH); 28Jun72; R531517.

WHERE ARE YOUR CHILDREN? A photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 21Jan44; L12448. Allied Artists Pictures Corp., formerly known
as Monogram Pictures Corp. (PWH); 14Jan72; R521754.

WHITE TREASURE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
7Dec44; M15488. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72; R522322.

WIFE DECOY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 16Apr45;
L13361. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72; R530836.

WILSON, a photoplay in 13 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
1Aug44; L12861. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R521451.

WING AND A PRAYER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 28Jul44; L13125. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521460.

WINGED VICTORY, a photoplay in 15 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 20Dec44; L13061. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
17Jan72; R521459.

WINNER’S CIRCLE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
7Jun44; L12688. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Jan72; R521049.

WITHOUT LOVE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew’s. © 25Mar45; L13205.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 27Mar72; R525909.

WIZARD’S STORY. See

  THE DESERT HAWK. Chap. no. 14.

WOO WOO, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 5Jan45;
L13117. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72; R529204.

WORLD OF SPORTS. See

  AQUA-MAIDS.

  G.I. SPORTS.

  GOLDEN GLOVES.

  HEDGE HOPPERS.

  K–9 KADETS.

  MAT MAULERS.


                                   Y

YOU WERE NEVER UGLIER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 1Jun44; L12678. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan72;
R523221.

YOUR NATIONAL GALLERY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
Co. (Variety view) © 12Dec44; M15541. Universal Pictures (PWH); 31Jan72;
R522326.

YOUR PET PROBLEM. See

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS.

YOUTH ON TRIAL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
11Jan45; L13120. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May72;
R529206.


                                   Z

ZOMBIES ON BROADWAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
20Apr45; L13272. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 17May72; R529249.




                               NAME INDEX


An index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing companies,
sponsors, and authors given in the main entries. Below each name are the
titles under which the main entries are to be found. Renewal
registrations are identified by the symbol (R).

                                   A

 ABC Films.
   MAKE A WISH.

 ABC Pictures Corp.
   CABARET.

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN.

 ACI Films, Inc.
   BOXES.
   CYLINDERS.
   FLOATS.
   PLAY CLAY.

 ACI Productions, Inc.
   COLLAGE.
   CRAYON.
   PAPER CONSTRUCTION.
   PAPER MACHE.
   PUPPETS.

 ADM-MPS.
   THE BRIDGE RECTIFIER.
   THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY.
   CONDUCTORS AND INSULATORS.
   CURRENT FLOW AND MEASUREMENT.
   THE DIODES.
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY CHEMICAL ACTION.
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY FRICTION.
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY MAGNETISM.
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY PRESSURE,
   HEAT AND LIGHT.
   ELECTROMAGNETISM.
   FILTER CIRCUITS.
   THE FULL-WAVE RECTIFIER.
   THE HALF-WAVE RECTIFIER.
   OHM’S LAW FORMULA: E = I X R.
   OHM’S LAW FORMULA: I = E/R.
   OHM’S LAW FORMULA: R = E/I.
   OHM’S LAW THEORY.
   PARALLEL CIRCUITS.
   RESISTANCE.
   RESISTANCE MEASUREMENT AND COLOR CODE.
   SERIES CIRCUITS.
   VOLTAGE AND VOLTAGE MEASUREMENT.

 A.T. & T.
   SEE American Telephone & Telegraph Co.

 A-V Corp. Teaching Films, Inc.
   SEE Teaching Films, Inc.

 Abracadabra Enterprises Corp.
   I AM ROUND.

 Adams, Thomas M.
   BLOCKING OSCILLATOR--TRANSISTORIZED.
   BLOCKING OSCILLATOR--TRIODE.
   COLPITTS OSCILLATOR--COMMON BASE.
   COLPITTS OSCILLATOR--COMMON EMITTER.
   CURRENT MODE LOGIC.
   DIODE CLAMPING.
   DIODE CLIPPING.
   DIODE LOGIC.
   DIODE TRANSISTOR LOGIC.
   DIRECT COUPLED TRANSISTOR LOGIC--PARALLEL.
   DIRECT COUPLED TRANSISTOR LOGIC--SERIES.
   EMITTER FOLLOWER LOGIC.
   HARTLEY OSCILLATOR--PNP AND NPN.
   MULTIVIBRATORS, ASTABLE.

 Adamson, Joy.
   LIVING FREE.

 Admaster, Inc.
   THE NEIGHBORLY THING TO DO.

 Advance Schools, Inc.
   BASIC SYMBOLS AND CONVENTIONAL DRAWINGS.
   CIRCUIT TRACING.
   FUNDAMENTALS OF ELECTRICITY.
   SCHOOL WITHOUT WALLS.

 Aetna Life & Casualty.
   FACE YOURSELF.
   TO SEE OURSELVES.

 Agincourt Productions, Ltd.
   THE ROWDYMAN.

 Alaskan Shows.
   ALASKAN SAFARI.

 Alfran Productions, Inc.
   THE GODFATHER.

 Allen, Woody.
   PLAY IT AGAIN, SAM.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corp.
   ARE THESE OUR PARENTS. (R)
   BLACK MAGIC. (R)
   BLOCK BUSTERS. (R)
   CABARET.
   FOLLOW THE LEADER. (R)
   JOHNNY DOESN’T LIVE HERE. (R)
   LADY, LET’S DANCE. (R)
   LAND OF THE OUTLAWS. (R)
   OH WHAT A NIGHT. (R)
   RANGE LAW. (R)
   THE RETURN OF THE APE MAN. (R)
   THREE OF A KIND. (R)
   VOODOO MAN. (R)
   A WAVE, A WAC AND A MARINE. (R)
   WEST OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   WHEN STRANGERS MARRY. (R)
   WHERE ARE YOUR CHILDREN. (R)

 Altair Productions.
   FARALLON LIGHT.

 Alvarez, Joseph.
   THE PURITAN LEGACY.

 The Amazing Life Games Co.
   THE SIDEWALK ARTISTS.
   THAT’S ME.

 American Book. Co.
   TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   THE AGE OF AQUARIUS.
   ALASKA: END OF THE LAST FRONTIER.
   ALCOHOLISM: OUT OF THE SHADOWS.
   ANATOMY OF YOUTH.
   COMRADE SOLDIER.
   THE EYE OF THE STORM.
   MAKE A WISH.
   THE PRECIOUS YEARS.
   STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND, THE BLACKS.
   STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND--THE CHICANOS.
   STRANGERS IN THEIR OWN LAND, THE PUERTO RICANS.
   TERROR IN NORTHERN IRELAND.
   THIS LAND IS MINE.
   TO ALL THE WORLD’S CHILDREN.
   WHEN JOHNNY COMES MARCHING HOME.
   WILLIAM BLAKE.
   WOMEN’S LIBERATION.

 American Cancer Society, Inc.
   THE NEIGHBORLY THING TO DO.
   PROFESSOR PERSUADER.

 American City Bureau.
   SKIDS CAN BE CONTROLLED.

 American College of Physicians, Inc.
   ARTERIAL PUNCTURE.
   CENTRAL VENOUS PRESSURE MEASUREMENT.
   LUMBAR PUNCTURE.

 American Heritage Pub. Co., Inc.
   THE CIVIL WAR.
   COLONIAL AMERICA.
   THE REVOLUTION.

 American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical & Petroleum Engineers, Inc.
   WELL COMPLETIONS.

 American International Pictures.
   WUTHERING HEIGHTS.

 American International Productions.
   BUNNY O’HARE.

 American International Productions (England) Ltd.
   MURDERS IN THE RUE MORGUE.
   WUTHERING HEIGHTS.

 American National Enterprises, Inc.
   COUGAR COUNTRY.
   WHERE THE WILD GOOSE GOES.

 American National Red Cross.
   MORE THAN COFFEE AND DONUTS.

 American Personnel & Guidance Assn.
   ALBERT ELLIS, A DEMONSTRATION: A YOUNG DIVORCED WOMAN.
   ALBERT ELLIS, A DEMONSTRATION: AN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AGE CHILD.
   ALBERT ELLIS: RATIONAL EMOTIVE PSYCHOTHERAPY.

 American Telephone & Telegraph Co.
   HELLO, I NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.

 Amicus Productions.
   TALES FROM THE CRYPT.

 Anderson, Gary.
   MAYFLOWERS.

 Anglo-E.M.I. Film Distributors, Ltd.
   VILLAIN.

 Anomaly Films.
   IT HAPPENS TO US.

 Apjac Productions, Inc.
   PLAY IT AGAIN, SAM.

 Appleton-Century-Crofts.
   DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.
   UNDERSTANDING AGGRESSION.

 Arden Films.
   FENCES ARE FOR PAINTING.

 Arena Productions, Inc.
   THE PSYCHIATRIST: GOD BLESS THE CHILDREN.

 Arizona State University, Tempe.
   Audiovisual Services.
   BASIC CONCEPTS FOR CATALOGING NON-BOOK MATERIALS.
   CONTACT PRINTING 35MM SLIDES.
   DEVELOPING ROLL FILM.
   ENLARGING.
   LOADING FILM WINDERS.
   LOADING STAINLESS STEEL REELS.
   LOADING 35MM FILM MAGAZINES.
   MAKING A CONTACT SHEET.

 Artscope, Ltd.
   SHEEP IN WOOD.

 Ashton, John K.
   HEMATOPHATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.

 Association-Sterling Films.
   WEST CHICHAGOF.

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   HINDU VILLAGE BOY.
   JERUSALEM AND ITS CONTRIBUTIONS.

 Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University.
   SEE Indiana University. Audio-Visual Center.

 Audio Visual Productions.
   LA CIUDAD.

 Audio-Visual School Service.
   THE BEGINNING OF LIFE, HOW A BABY DEVELOPS BEFORE BIRTH.

 Audiovisual Services.
   SEE Arizona State University, Tempe. Audiovisual Services

 Augsburg Pub. House.
   ANYTHING YOU CAN DO I CAN DO BETTER.
   CAUTIONARY CARTOONS.
   WHO SAID WHAT.

 Aura Productions, Inc.
   SOUL TO SOUL.

 Automated Training International.
   PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE
   COVERAGES & RATING.

 Avco Embassy Pictures Corp.
   THE NIGHTCOMERS.

 Averill, Robert E.
   [FRANKLIN LIFE PRESIDENTS PLAN]


                                   B

 BK Teaching Aides.
   EAST AFRICA: KENYA, UGANDA, TANZANIA.

 BNA Films.
   ASSESSING MANAGEMENT POTENTIAL.
   CONFRONTING CONFLICT.
   MAKING HUMAN RESOURCES PRODUCTIVE.
   MANAGEMENT BY PARTICIPATION.
   PAY FOR PERFORMANCE.
   TEAM BUILDING.

 B.N.A., Inc.
   SEE Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.

 B/Y Communications.
   SEE Barrett/Yehle Communications.

 Baker (Ezra) Films, Inc.
   STALEMATE.

 Baker, Lawrence.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR PARENTS.

 Ball, John.
   THE ORGANIZATION.

 Banner Productions, Inc.
   SEE NGC Television, Inc.

 Barbre Productions.
   AIRBORNE WEATHER RADAR.

 Barlow, James.
   VILLAIN.

 Barrett/Yehle Advertising & Public Relations, Inc.
   SEE Barrett/Yehle Communications.

 Barrett/Yehle Communications.
   PEOPLE: DO NOT SPINDLE, FOLD OR MUTILATE.

 Batjac Productions, Inc.
   CHISUM.

 Beaver Associates, Inc.
   SKIDS CAN BE CONTROLLED.

 Behrens Co., Inc.
   FRIENDS.

 Benedict, Joel A.
   BASIC CONCEPTS FOR CATALOGING NON-BOOK MATERIALS.
   DEVELOPING ROLL FILM.
   ENLARGING.
   MAKING A CONTACT SHEET.

 Benjamin, Aline.
   AMERICAN GOTHIC: HAWTHORNE/MELVILLE.
   THE PURITAN LEGACY.

 Berg, Wil.
   A CHILD’S GARDEN OF VERSES.

 Berson, Harold.
   PIGS AND PIRATES.

 Besser, Marianne.
   SLEEP AND DREAMS.

 Better Vision Institute, Inc.
   WHY WE SEE LIKE HUMAN BEINGS.

 Beverly Hills (Calif.) Unified School District.
   BUCKETS AND BUDGETS.

 Bizarre Productions, Inc.
   200 MOTELS.

 Blackburn, John.
   DESTINY OF A SPY.

 Blackwood, Algernon.
   NIGHT GALLERY.

 Blakiston Films.
   OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY.
   ORTHOTICS.
   PHYSICAL THERAPY.
   PROSTHETICS.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF DISABILITY.
   SOCIAL SERVICE.
   SPEECH SERVICES.

 Blaustein, Ancel U.
   PATHOLOGY OF THE CERVIX.

 Block (H & R) Inc.
   [H & R BLOCK TV COMMERCIALS]

 Bluel, Richard.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.

 Bob Jones University, Greenville, S.C.
   FLAME IN THE WIND.

 Bodine Corp.
   BODINE MODEL 64 MACHINE VIDEO MANUAL.

 Borden Productions, Inc.
   A CANADA GOOSE ADVENTURE.

 Boy Scouts of America.
   A BAG FOR ALL SEASONS.
   HOW NOT TO GET LOST (AND WHAT TO DO IF YOU DO)
   THE TROUBLE WITH ICE.

 Brentano Foundation.
   11:59–-LAST MINUTE TO CHOOSE.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.
   BEGIN WITH THE END IN MIND.
   GO MY SON.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.
   Motion Picture Dept.
   BEGIN WITH THE END IN MIND.
   GO MY SON.

 Broadman Films.
   VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL JOINT SERVICE.

 Bronte, Emily.
   WUTHERING HEIGHTS.

 Broomfield, Robert.
   THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS.

 Brown, Geoff.
   I WANT WHAT I WANT.

 Brown, Wayne W.
   BIRDS OF SHORE AND MARSH: THEIR ENVIRONMENT AND FEEDING HABITS.

 Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.
   ASSESSING MANAGEMENT POTENTIAL.
   CONFRONTING CONFLICT.
   MAKING HUMAN RESOURCES PRODUCTIVE.
   MANAGEMENT BY PARTICIPATION.
   PAY FOR PERFORMANCE.
   TEAM BUILDING.

 Burnett, W. R.
   COOL BREEZE.


                                   C

 CB Communicators.
   CRUEL AND UNUSUAL PUNISHMENT.

 CCM Films.
   A PLACE TO PLAY.

 CPM Programs.
   LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD.

 CRM Productions.
   ABNORMAL BEHAVIOR.
   ASPECTS OF BEHAVIOR.
   DEVELOPMENT.
   INFORMATION PROCESSING.
   LEARNING.
   PERSONALITY.
   SENSORY WORLD.
   SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY.

 Calhoon, Clair.
   VISUALIZATION--A KEY TO READING.

 Calhoun, Fred.
   THE WALL.

 California Real Estate Assn.
   SELLING IS COMMUNICATING.

 California Sports, Inc.
   SEE Fight of the Champions.

 Calvada Productions.
   THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

 Campbell Silver Cosby Corp.
   THE DOOR.

 Campus Film Productions, Inc.
   DRAMATIC PLAY: AN INTEGRATIVE PROCESS FOR LEARNING.

 Canart Films, Ltd.
   THE ROWDYMAN.

 Capie, William.
   PROBLEMS AND APPROACHES IN SELF-PACED MODULAR PROGRAMS.

 Cartier Productions, Inc.
   FIDDLER ON THE ROOF.

 Cate & McGlone Films.
   HAWAII: THE POSSIBLE DREAM.

 Cathedral Films, Inc.
   DRUGS IN TODAY’S WORLD.
   EDEN IN PERIL.

 Central Bank of the Philippines.
   THE CHALLENGE OF DEVELOPMENT.

 Centron Corp., Inc.
   ENERGY AND LIVING THINGS.
   ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS.
   ENVIRONMENTAL ENRICHMENT--WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
   HOLDING THEM SPELLBOUND.
   THE ITALIAN RENAISSANCE: ITS MIND AND ITS SOUL.
   JOBS IN THE CITY.
   JOHN’S TRAIN.
   POPULATIONS.

 Centron Educational Films.
   ENERGY AND LIVING THINGS.
   ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS.
   ENVIRONMENTAL ENRICHMENT--WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
   HOLDING THEM SPELLBOUND.
   THE ITALIAN RENAISSANCE: ITS MIND AND ITS SOUL.
   JOBS IN THE CITY.
   JOHN’S TRAIN.
   POPULATIONS.
   A RAINY DAY STORY.

 Champion Productions, Inc.
   TARZAN AND THE AMAZONS. (R)

 Chandler, Frederick W.
   THE BLACK MASS.

 Chetwynd Films.
   STANLEY CUP 1971.

 Chetwynd Films, Ltd.
   STANLEY CUP ’70.

 Cheverny 1971 Film Fund.
   HOLIDAY IN GREECE.

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   FINDING TRUE FREEDOM.
   HAVEN’T WE MET SOMEWHERE.
   THE JOY OF HEALING.
   PROGRESS REPORT: CHRISTIAN SCIENCE CENTER.
   REACHIN’.
   TAKE MY MOMENTS AND MY DAYS.

 Chrysler Corp.
   THE BEST VALUE IS THE BEST DEAL.
   THE BIG MOVE UP.
   BUILDING CUSTOMER CONFIDENCE.
   BUSY-NESS MAKES BUSINESS.
   CHRYSLER VS. BUICK & OLDSMOBILE.
   DECISIONS, DECISIONS.
   DISC BRAKE SERVICE ROUNDUP.
   DODGE MONACO, SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
   EXTRA APPEAL IN CHARGER ’72.
   HELP THE FIRST-TIME BUYERS TO BUY.
   IT’S FURY ALL THE WAY.
   LOAD OF DIFFERENCE.
   MAKE A GOOD LAST IMPRESSION.
   1972 SEAT BELT WARNING SYSTEM.
   THE POWER OF POLITE PERSISTENCE.
   ROADABILITY AND HANDLING.
   SIGHTING IN ON WAGONS.
   SOLD ON SAFETY.
   STAMP OUT SCHIZOPHRENIA, DRIVE CORONET.
   THE TREND SETTERS.
   THE UNCOMMON CAR.
   AN UNFAIR COMPARISON, DEMON VS. MAVERICK.
   WAGON WAYS.

 Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.
   THE BEST VALUE IS THE BEST DEAL.
   BUILDING CUSTOMER CONFIDENCE.
   BUSY-NESS MAKES BUSINESS.
   HELP THE FIRST-TIME BUYERS TO BUY.
   MAKE A GOOD LAST IMPRESSION.
   THE POWER OF POLITE PERSISTENCE.

 Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.
   EXTRA APPEAL IN CHARGER ’72.
   LOAD OF DIFFERENCE.
   SIGHTING IN ON WAGONS.
   AN UNFAIR COMPARISON, DEMON VS. MAVERICK.

 Chrysler Corp. Plymouth Division.
   DECISIONS, DECISIONS.

 Cinecrest Films, Ltd.
   FIGURES IN A LANDSCAPE.

 Cinegraphique, Inc.
   HELLO, I NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.

 Cine-Image Productions, Ltd.
   THE STRATFORD SHAKESPEARE KNEW.
   WORDSWORTH’S LAKE COUNTRY: IMAGE OF MAN AND NATURE.

 Cinema Center Films.
   THE CHRISTIAN LICORICE STORE.
   FIGURES IN A LANDSCAPE.
   THE LITTLE ARK.

 Cinerama, Inc.
   GLORY BOY.
   I WANT WHAT I WANT.

 Cinerama Releasing Corp.
   BEWARE MY BRETHREN.
   GEORGIA, GEORGIA.
   GLORY BOY.
   I WANT WHAT I WANT.
   SOUL TO SOUL.

 Circle Productions, Inc.
   RIGHT NOW, IT’S A LOVE TRIP.

 Cirillo, Tony.
   VISIT OF THE TABLE TENNIS TEAM FROM THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA.

 Clark, Gloryette.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Clark, Ian.
   THE WORD AND THE ECHO.

 Cluff, Leila Louise.
   SEE Health Education Aids.

 Coca-Cola Co.
   A PIECE OF THE ACTION.

 Coca-Cola Co. Foods Division.
   A PIECE OF THE ACTION.

 Coe College, Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
   THE MONEY SUPPLY AND FEDERAL RESERVE CONTROLS.

 Cole, Donald J.
   GO AND TEACH.

 Colgate-Palmolive Co.
   THE MOUTH I LIVE IN, THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A TOOTH.

 Colonial Williamsburg.
   THE BASKETMAKERS.
   THE COOPER.
   THE GUNSMITH.

 Colorado Migrant Council, Denver.
   THE ILLEGAL.

 Colorado Rural Legal Services, Boulder.
   THE ILLEGAL.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   CBS REPORTS.
   GUNSMOKE.
   HAWAII FIVE-O.
   MEN AT LAW.
   60 MINUTES.
   STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

 Columbia Pictures.
   AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.
   BUTTERFLIES ARE FREE.
   $.
   A FEW MILES FROM FRANCE.
   GUMSHOE.
   ISRAEL NOW.
   NICHOLAS AND ALEXANDRA.
   A SAFE PLACE.
   STAND UP AND BE COUNTED.
   X Y & ZEE.

 Columbia Pictures Corp.
   ADDRESS UNKNOWN. (R)
   AQUA-MAIDS. (R)
   BLACK ARROW. (R)
   BOOBY DUPES. (R)
   BOSTON BLACKIE BOOKED ON SUSPICION. (R)
   BOTH BARRELS BLAZING. (R)
   BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. (R)
   CAROLINA BLUES. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   COUNTER-ATTACK. (R)
   COWBOY FROM LONESOME RIVER. (R)
   THE CRIME DOCTOR’S COURAGE. (R)
   CRY OF THE WEREWOLF. (R)
   CYCLONE PRAIRIE RANGERS. (R)
   DANCING IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   THE DESERT HAWK. (R)
   DESIGN FOR LOVING. (R)
   EADIE WAS A LADY. (R)
   ESCAPE IN THE FOG. (R)
   EVE KNEW HER APPLES. (R)
   EVER SINCE VENUS. (R)
   THE FIGHTING GUARDSMAN. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   G.I. SPORTS. (R)
   GENTS WITHOUT CENTS. (R)
   GOLD IS WHERE YOU LOSE IT. (R)
   GOLDEN GLOVES. (R)
   GREEN FOR IRELAND.
   A GUY, A GAL, AND A PAL. (R)
   HEATHER AND YON. (R)
   HEDGE HOPPERS. (R)
   HIS HOTEL SWEET. (R)
   I LOVE A MYSTERY. (R)
   IDLE ROOMERS. (R)
   THE IMPATIENT YEARS. (R)
   K–9 KADETS. (R)
   KINGS OF THE FAIRWAY. (R)
   A KNIGHT AND A BLONDE. (R)
   LEAVE IT TO BLONDIE. (R)
   LET’S GO STEADY. (R)
   THE MARK OF THE WHISTLER. (R)
   MAT MAULERS. (R)
   MEET MISS BOBBY SOCKS. (R)
   THE MISSING JUROR. (R)
   THE MONSTER AND THE APE. (R)
   NO DOUGH, BOYS. (R)
   OFF AGAIN, ON AGAIN. (R)
   ONE MYSTERIOUS NIGHT. (R)
   OPEN SEASON FOR SAPS. (R)
   PICK A PECK OF PLUMBERS. (R)
   THE POWER OF THE WHISTLER. (R)
   THE RETURN OF THE DURANGO KID. (R)
   ROCKIN’ IN THE ROCKIES. (R)
   ROUGH AND TUMBLE. (R)
   ROUGH RIDIN’ JUSTICE. (R)
   ROUGH, TOUGH AND READY. (R)
   SADDLE LEATHER LAW. (R)
   SAGEBRUSH HEROES. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SECRET COMMAND. (R)
   SERGEANT MIKE. (R)
   SHADOWS IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   SHE SNOOPS TO CONQUER. (R)
   SHE’S A SOLDIER TOO. (R)
   SHE’S A SWEETHEART. (R)
   SING ME A SONG OF TEXAS. (R)
   SNOOPER SERVICE. (R)
   THE SOUL OF A MONSTER. (R)
   STRANGE AFFAIR. (R)
   STRIFE OF THE PARTY. (R)
   STRIKING CHAMPIONS. (R)
   SWING IN THE SADDLE. (R)
   TAHITI NIGHTS. (R)
   TEN CENTS A DANCE. (R)
   THEY LIVE IN FEAR. (R)
   THREE PESTS IN A MESS. (R)
   TOGETHER AGAIN. (R)
   TONIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT. (R)
   TWO LOCAL YOKELS. (R)
   U-BOAT PRISONER. (R)
   THE UNWRITTEN CODE. (R)
   WEDDED BLISS. (R)
   WIFE DECOY. (R)
   WOO WOO. (R)
   YOU WERE NEVER UGLIER. (R)
   YOUTH ON TRIAL. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   ADDRESS UNKNOWN. (R)
   AQUA-MAIDS. (R)
   AS THE FLY FLIES. (R)
   BE PATIENT, PATIENT. (R)
   BLACK ARROW. (R)
   BOOBY DUPES. (R)
   BOSTON BLACKIE BOOKED ON SUSPICION. (R)
   BOTH BARRELS BLAZING. (R)
   BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. (R)
   CAROLINA BLUES. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   COUNTER-ATTACK. (R)
   COWBOY FROM LONESOME RIVER. (R)
   THE CRIME DOCTOR’S COURAGE. (R)
   CRY OF THE WEREWOLF. (R)
   CYCLONE PRAIRIE RANGERS. (R)
   DANCING IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   THE DESERT HAWK. (R)
   DESIGN FOR LOVING. (R)
   DOG, CAT AND CANARY. (R)
   EADIE WAS A LADY. (R)
   THE EGG-YEGG. (R)
   ESCAPE IN THE FOG. (R)
   EVE KNEW HER APPLES. (R)
   EVER SINCE VENUS. (R)
   THE FIGHTING GUARDSMAN. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   G.I. SPORTS, (R)
   GENTS WITHOUT CENTS. (R)
   GOLD IS WHERE YOU LOSE IT. (R)
   GOLDEN GLOVES. (R)
   A GUY, A GAL, AND A PAL. (R)
   HEATHER AND YON. (R)
   HEDGE HOPPERS. (R)
   HIS HOTEL SWEET. (R)
   I LOVE A MYSTERY. (R)
   IDLE ROOMERS. (R)
   THE IMPATIENT YEARS. (R)
   J. W. COOP.
   K–9 KADETS. (R)
   KICKAPOO JUICE. (R)
   KINGS OF THE FAIRWAY. (R)
   A KNIGHT AND A BLONDE. (R)
   LET’S GO STEADY. (R)
   LIVING FREE.
   MACBETH.
   THE MARK OF THE WHISTLER. (R)
   MAT MAULERS. (R)
   MEET MISS BOBBY SOCKS. (R)
   THE MISSING JUROR. (R)
   MR. FORE BY FORE. (R)
   MR. MOOCHER. (R)
   THE MONSTER AND THE APE. (R)
   MUTT ’N BONES. (R)
   NO DOUGH, BOYS. (R)
   OFF AGAIN, ON AGAIN. (R)
   ONE MYSTERIOUS NIGHT. (R)
   OPEN SEASON FOR SAPS. (R)
   A PEE-KOOL-YAR-SIT-CHEE-AY-SHUN. (R)
   PICK A PECK OF PLUMBERS. (R)
   PORKYLIAR PIGGY. (R)
   THE POWER OF THE WHISTLER. (R)
   THE RETURN OF THE DURANGO KID. (R)
   ROCKIN’ IN THE ROCKIES. (R)
   ROUGH AND TUMBLE. (R)
   ROUGH RIDIN’ JUSTICE. (R)
   ROUGH, TOUGH AND READY. (R)
   SADDLE LEATHER LAW. (R)
   SAGEBRUSH HEROES. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SECRET COMMAND. (R)
   SERGEANT MIKE. (R)
   SHADOWS IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   SHE SNOOPS TO CONQUER. (R)
   SHE’S A SOLDIER TOO. (R)
   SHE’S A SWEETHEART. (R)
   SING ME A SONG OF TEXAS. (R)
   SNOOPER SERVICE. (R)
   THE SOUL OF A MONSTER. (R)
   STRANGE AFFAIR. (R)
   STRIFE OF THE PARTY. (R)
   TAHITI NIGHTS. (R)
   TANGLED TRAVELS. (R)
   TEN CENTS A DANCE. (R)
   THEY LIVE IN FEAR. (R)
   THREE PESTS IN A MESS. (R)
   TOGETHER AGAIN. (R)
   TONIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT. (R)
   TWO LOCAL YOKELS. (R)
   U-BOAT PRISONER. (R)
   THE UNWRITTEN CODE. (R)
   WEDDED BLISS. (R)
   WIFE DECOY. (R)
   WOO WOO. (R)
   YOU WERE NEVER UGLIER. (R)
   YOUTH ON TRIAL. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Screen Gems.
   SEE Screen Gems.

 Columbia University, New York. College of Physicians & Surgeons.
   PERFORMING THE LUMBAR PUNCTURE.

 Commission on Church Architecture of the Lutheran Church in America.
   SEE Lutheran Church in America. Commission on Church Architecture.

 Commonwealth United Corp.
   THE MADWOMAN OF CHAILLOT.

 Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.
   ABNORMAL BEHAVIOR.
   ASPECTS OF BEHAVIOR.
   DEVELOPMENT.
   INFORMATION PROCESSING.
   LEARNING.
   PERSONALITY.
   SENSORY WORLD.
   SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY.

 Communico, Inc.
   HOW BEAVER STOLE FIRE.

 Compagnia Cinematografica Montoro.
   AFTER THE FOX.

 Comprenetics, Inc.
   TIA: THE EARLY WARNING SYSTEM OF IMPENDING STROKE.

 Concept Films.
   PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: TOO MUCH POWER.

 Concord, S.A.
   SENTINELS OF SILENCE.

 Concordia Pub. House.
   ANIMALS IN THE BIBLE.
   A BETTER WAY THAN FIGHTING.
   COME ALONG WITH ME TO BETHLEHEM.
   CREATE A NEW LIFE IN ME.
   FAITH AND SCIENCE, TWO TRUE.
   FEAST OF JOY.
   THE FORGIVEN DISCIPLE.
   THE GLORY OF GOD IN PEOPLE.
   GOD AND I.
   GOD GAVE ME A FAMILY.
   GOD IN SPACE.
   GOD’S CHILDREN AROUND THE WORLD.
   GOD’S DEAR CHILD.
   THE HEAVENS DECLARE.
   JOURNEY TO THE AUCAS.
   LIFE IN GOD--START SMILING.
   MESSAGE FROM GOD.
   OUR FILMSTRIP.
   THE PASSION TO EASTER STORY OF JESUS.
   A STORY OF LIGHT.
   WHEN I AM LIFTED UP.
   WHY JONATHAN GIVES THANKS.
   WONDERS OF HIS LOVE.

 Concordia Pub. House. Family Films.
   SEE Family Films.

 Consulting Engineers Council, U.S.A.
   CONFLICT RESOLUTION, ANATOMY OF A DISPUTE.

 Consumers Power Co.
   ENVIRONMENT AND TECHNOLOGY.
   MAN AND HIS ENVIRONMENT.

 Coronet Instructional Films.
   A IS FOR ALPHABET.
   CATERPILLARS GROW AND CHANGE.
   CIVILIZATIONS OF EARLY AMERICA.
   COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION.
   DICTIONARY FOR BEGINNERS.
   DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.
   THE FIRST CHRISTMAS TREE.
   FORM CLASS WORDS.
   FOSSILS: FROM SITE TO MUSEUM.
   HOW NATIONS WORK TOGETHER.
   INDIAN BOY IN TODAY’S WORLD.
   INVESTIGATING SIMPLE MACHINES.
   INVESTIGATING VERTEBRATES.
   JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.
   MAP SKILLS.
   THE MISSOURI RIVER: BACKGROUND FOR SOCIAL STUDIES.
   MONEY: HOW IT FUNCTIONS.
   MONEY: HOW ITS VALUE CHANGES.
   NORTH AMERICA.
   OCEANOGRAPHY.
   OUR ROUND EARTH.
   PUPPETS YOU CAN MAKE.
   RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN AMERICA’S BEGINNINGS.
   ROCKS AND MINERALS: HOW WE IDENTIFY THEM.
   SEEDS: HOW THEY GERMINATE.
   SEEING FRANCE.
   SEEING JAPAN.
   SEEING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.
   SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.
   THE STORY OF OUR NEW BABY.
   TALES FROM JAPAN.
   UNDERSTANDING SHAKESPEARE: HIS SOURCES.
   UNDERSTANDING SHAKESPEARE: HIS STAGECRAFT.
   WARM-BLOODED AND COLD-BLOODED ANIMALS.
   WE DISCOVER THE ENCYCLOPEDIA.
   WHAT ARE ANIMAL TAILS FOR.
   YOUR STUDY SKILLS: LEARNING FROM PICTURES.
   ZOO ANIMALS BEHIND THE SCENES.

 Counseling Films, Inc.
   ADDING A VISUAL DIMENSION TO COUNSELING.

 Craig, Johnny.
   TALES FROM THE CRYPT.

 Cramer (Douglas S.) Co.
   CALL HER MOM.
   MAN ON A STRING.
   MOVIN’ ON.

 Crawley Films, Ltd.
   THE ROWDYMAN.

 Creation-Science Research Center.
   THE ORIGIN OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM.
   SEARCH FOR EXTRATERRESTRIAL LIFE.

 Cummings, Gillian.
   THE DREAM MAKERS.

 Curtis, Brian A.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO THE NEUROSCIENCES.


                                   D

 Dade County, Fla. School Board.
   CAPE FLORIDA.
   THE LOVE VINE.
   ONE DAY AT BEAR CUT.
   THE SPREADING FICUS.
   SWIMMING POOL BACTERIA.

 Damski, Melvin.
   THE ILLEGAL.

 Danjaq, S.A.
   DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER.

 D’Antoni Productions, Inc.
   THE FRENCH CONNECTION.

 Daughters of St. Paul, Boston.
   GOD’S RULES FOR ME.

 Davidson Films.
   CATHERINE DRINKER BOWEN: OTHER PEOPLE’S LIVES.

 Davis, Ossie.
   GONE ARE THE DAYS.

 Dawson Productions.
   MINER’S RIDGE.
   WEST CHICHAGOF.

 Dawson, Ted D.
   KINDERGARTEN, AN EXCITING DAY FOR A TEACHER’S AID.
   TEACHER AIDS, VARIETY UNLIMITED.

 Decision Media, Inc.
   CASE STUDY.
   NEUROLOGICAL CARE SERIES.

 Delegate Productions, A.G.
   AFTER THE FOX.

 Della Femina, Travisano & Partners, Inc.
   [H & R BLOCK TV COMMERCIALS]

 Demopoulis, Rita.
   PATHOLOGY OF THE CERVIX.

 Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals, Inc.
   CLEARWATER.
   CONFRONTATION ON NOB HILL.
   ON BEING BLACK.
   WOMEN: THE FORGOTTEN MAJORITY.

 De Pedro, Ernesto A.
   THE CHALLENGE OF DEVELOPMENT.

 Devereux Foundation.
   PROJECT I.M.A.G.E.-I.

 DiCerto, Joseph J.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   AFRICAN DIARY. (R)
   CALIFORNY ER BUST. (R)
   CANINE CASANOVA. (R)
   CANINE PATROL. (R)
   CLEANLINESS BRINGS HEALTH. (R)
   CURED DUCK. (R)
   THE DAWN OF BETTER LIVING. (R)
   DISNEYLAND. (R)
   DOG WATCH. (R)
   DONALD’S CRIME. (R)
   DUCK PIMPLES. (R)
   THE EYES HAVE IT. (R)
   A HISTORIA DE JOSE. (R)
   HOCKEY HOMICIDE. (R)
   HOOKWORM. (R)
   HOW DISEASE TRAVELS. (R)
   INFANT CARE. (R)
   INSECTS AS CARRIERS OF DISEASE.
   JOSE COME BEM (JOSE EATS WELL) (R)
   A KNIGHT FOR A DAY. (R)
   THE LEGEND OF COYOTE ROCK. (R)
   NO SAIL. (R)
   THE RIGHT SPARK PLUG IN THE RIGHT PLACE. (R)
   SOMETHING YOU DIDN’T EAT. (R)

 Ditzel (William) Productions.
   THE CLEAN LIGHT.

 Diversified Management Systems Corp.
   MOTEL MANAGERS TRAINING SCHOOL.

 Dortch, M. Robert.
   THE NEW MEMBERSHIP PROGRAM.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc.
   AFRICA SPEAKS.
   THE EAST IS RED.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   SEE Doubleday Multimedia

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. International Communication Films.
   SEE International Communication Films.

 Doubleday Multimedia.
   AFRICA SPEAKS.
   CAREERS: MAKING A CHOICE.
   THE EAST IS RED.
   THE MIXED ECONOMY OF THE UNITED STATES.

 Drake, Thomas Y.
   THE PSYCHIATRIST.

 Duval County, Fla. School Board.
   ASK ME AN ANSWER.

 Duvoisin, Roger.
   HIDE AND SEEK FOG.


                                   E

 E.M.I. Films Productions, Ltd.
   PETER RABBIT & TALES OF BEATRIX POTTER.

 ETS Program Service.
   BARBARA WEISBERGER.
   CHARLES BIEDERMAN.
   FRANK GALLO.
   HOWARD JONES.
   JULES FEIFFER.
   NORMAN GESKE.
   PAOLO SOLERI.
   PAUL ENGLE.
   ROBERTA FLACK.
   RUDY POZZATTI.
   STANKIEWICZ.
   WILLIAM CHRISTENSEN.

 Earl Rowland Foundation.
   JACKSON POLLOCK.
   MEDIEVAL ART FROM PRIVATE COLLECTIONS.

 Eastman Kodak Co.
   MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION--BASIC LIGHTING.
   TEENAGE MOVIES WITH DICK VAN DYKE.

 Edling Productions, Inc.
   MOVIN’ ON.

 EdMediaTec, Inc.
   [UNIT PUBLICATION, SOUND FILMSTRIP SERIES FOR THE ISCS PROGRAM]

 Educational Activities, Inc.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 Educational Coordinates, Inc.
   ACHIEVING RELEVANCE WITHIN THE CURRICULUM.
   APPROACHES TO INDIVIDUALIZED LEARNING.
   APPROACHES TO LARGE GROUP INSTRUCTION.
   THE CONCEPT OF OPEN LABORATORY.
   DEVELOPING A PERFORMANCE CURRICULUM.
   ENRICHING THE SCHOOL ENVIRONMENT.
   MODELS FOR SMALL GROUP INSTRUCTION.
   PREPARING FOR VARIABLE MODULAR SCHEDULING.

 Educational Direction, Inc.
   ANALOGIES.
   BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.
   BEING SAFE.
   BIOLOGICAL LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.
   CAN YOU BELIEVE ADVERTISING.
   CATEGORIES
   THE CITY.
   THE COUNTRY.
   THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.
   EVERYTHING IS NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE.
   THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.
   FINDING OBJECTS.
   FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.
   FREE TIME IS NOT SO FREE.
   GETTING IT THERE.
   HAVE YOU TRIED.
   THE HOME.
   HOW TO READ A --.
   HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.
   I SEE YOU AND ME.
   INCONSISTENCIES.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.
   IS IT SAFE.
   ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.
   JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.
   JOHNNY HAS ONE.
   KILLING TIME AND YOURSELF.
   LAWS OF SCIENCE.
   MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIR.
   MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.
   MEASURES, VALUES AND BARGAINS.
   MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.
   OBJECTS AND ENVIRONMENTS.
   OBJECTS AND FUNCTIONS.
   PEOPLE.
   REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.
   SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.
   TIME TO BE YOURSELF.
   THE TOWN.
   USE, QUALITY AND SERVICE.
   VALUES.
   [WHAT IS A ____?]
   WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.
   WHY DO WE.
   WORKING WITH MAPS.
   YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

 Educational Division, Houghton Mifflin Co.
   SEE Houghton Mifflin Co. Educational Division.

 Educational Improvement Center.
   STANLEY, THE FRIENDLY SCHOOL BUS.

 Educational Media Corp.
   MASTERS/SLAVES: THE MEANING OF POWER.

 Educational Productions, Inc.
   GUITAR MAGIC.

 Educational Projections Corp.
   [ART]
   IMPORTANT INVENTORS.
   LEVEL 2 PROGRAM.
   [MAP READING]
   MUSIC APPRECIATION SERIES.
   [PHYSICAL EDUCATION]

 Educational Research Council of America.
   ARE THERE JUST AS MANY.
   TUNING INTO MY ENVIRONMENT.
   WHICH SET HAS MORE.

 Educational Research Council of America. Mathematics Dept.
   ARE THERE JUST AS MANY.
   WHICH SET HAS MORE.

 Educational Resources, Inc.
   MAN: A CROSS-CULTURAL APPROACH.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   LANGUAGE STRUCTURES.

 Emka.
   THE AFFAIRS OF SUSAN. (R)
   BRING ON THE GIRLS. (R)
   A MEDAL FOR BENNY. (R)
   MURDER, HE SAYS. (R)
   SALTY O’ROURKE. (R)
   THE UNSEEN. (R)

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
   AFRICA: HISTORICAL HERITAGE.
   THE AMERICAN FLAG (THE STORY OF OLD GLORY)
   ANCIENT AZTEC INDIANS OF NORTH AMERICA.
   ANCIENT MAYA INDIANS OF CENTRAL AMERICA.
   BENJAMIN BANNEKER: MAN OF SCIENCE.
   BLACK PEOPLE IN THE SLAVE SOUTH, 1850.
   THE BOSTON TEA PARTY.
   BUFFALO: AN ECOLOGICAL SUCCESS STORY.
   A CANADA GOOSE ADVENTURE.
   CIRCUS: SERRINA BECOMES AN ACROBAT.
   COUNTRY VET.
   THE ENVIRONMENT: EVERYTHING AROUND US.
   FOG.
   FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
   THE GALAPAGOS: DARWIN’S WORLD WITHIN ITSELF.
   THE GREAT LAKES: NORTH AMERICA’S INLAND SEAS.
   HARLEM IN THE TWENTIES.
   HEALTH: EYE-CARE FANTASY.
   HEALTH: GERMS AND THE SPACE VISITORS.
   HEALTH: THE DIRT-WITCH CLEANS UP.
   HEALTH: TOOTHACHE OF THE CLOWN.
   THE HOUSE THAT WASN’T THERE.
   JESSE FROM MISSISSIPPI.
   LAND OF THE FRIENDLY ANIMALS.
   MAKING HAIKU.
   MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.
   THE NETHERLANDS: BLUEPRINT FOR AN URBAN SOCIETY.
   POISON PLANTS.
   POWER AND WHEELS: THE AUTOMOBILE IN MODERN LIFE.
   PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: TOO MUCH POWER.
   THE PROGRESSIVE ERA.
   RESCUE SQUAD.
   SAFETY: PLAYGROUND SPIRITS.
   SAFETY: THE HELPFUL BURGLARS.
   SAFETY: THE TRAFFIC JUNGLE.
   SEPARATE BUT EQUAL.
   SHAW VERSUS SHAKESPEARE.
   THE SHOT HEARD ROUND THE WORLD.
   THE SOVIET: EPIC LAND.
   THE SOVIET UNION: A STUDENT’S LIFE.
   THE TOBACCO PROBLEM: WHAT DO YOU THINK.
   TUGBOAT CAPTAIN.
   VALLEY FORGE.
   WALT WHITMAN: POET FOR A NEW AGE.
   WHAT’S YOUR AUTHORITY.
   WHERE’S YOUR LOYALTY.
   WHO NEEDS RULES.
   YORKTOWN.

 Environmental Action Coalition.
   A PLACE TO PLAY.

 Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States.
   [EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.
   SEE Coronet Instructional Films.

 Everett A. Gladman Memorial Foundation.
   SELECTIVE REGRESSION.

 Everett A. Gladman Memorial Hospital, Oakland, Calif.
   SELECTIVE REGRESSION.

 Everson, Richard K.
   THE EVENTS AT GARABANDAL.

 Ex-Cell-O Corp.
   ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITMENT, THE DENVER STORY.

 Eye Gate House.
   FIRST AID AS IT HAPPENS.
   HOW TO WRITE REPORTS.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO EVOLUTION.
   MANAGING THE FAMILY’S AFFAIRS.
   MINORITIES AND MAJORITIES.
   [WHAT IS A ____?]
   YOUR RIGHTS AND WHAT THEY REALLY MEAN.

 Eye Gate House, Inc.
   ANALOGIES.
   BASIC LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.
   BEING SAFE.
   BIOLOGICAL LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.
   CAN YOU BELIEVE ADVERTISING.
   CATEGORIES.
   THE CITY.
   THE COUNTRY.
   THE ESSENCE OF ACCOUNTING.
   EVERYTHING IS NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE.
   THE FINANCIAL MARKETPLACE.
   FINDING OBJECTS.
   FREE TIME IS NOT SO FREE.
   GETTING IT THERE.
   HAVE YOU TRIED.
   THE HOME.
   HOW TO READ A --.
   INCONSISTENCIES.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO GENETICS.
   IS IT SAFE.
   ISSUES OF GOVERNMENT AND FREEDOM.
   JAPAN: OLD AND NEW.
   JOHNNY HAS ONE.
   KILLING TIME AND YOURSELF.
   LAWS OF SCIENCE.
   MARRIAGE FROM ROMANCE MAGAZINE TO REALITY.
   MEASURES, VALUES AND BARGAINS.
   OBJECTS AND ENVIRONMENTS.
   OBJECTS AND FUNCTIONS.
   PEOPLE.
   REAL PROBLEMS FACING US.
   SAVING WHAT’S LEFT.
   TIME TO BE YOURSELF.
   THE TOWN.
   USE, QUALITY AND SERVICE.
   VALUES.
   WHY ANIMALS LIVE WHERE THEY LIVE.
   WHY DO WE.
   WORKING WITH MAPS.


                                   F

 Falany, Henry R.
   RAPID RUNNING AND THE GRAND CANYON.

 Family Films.
   JUDAISM, ISLAM, HINDUISM, BUDDHISM.

 Fechter, Susan.
   THE CHAMPION.

 Feldstein, Al.
   TALES FROM THE CRYPT.

 Fenady Associates.
   BLACK NOON.

 Field Enterprises Educational Corp.
   WHICH WILL IT BE.

 Field, Eugene.
   WYNKEN, BLYNKEN AND NOD.

 Field-Trip-of-the-Month-Club, Inc.
   THE STORY OF BREAD.

 Fight of the Champions.
   FIGHT OF THE CHAMPIONS.

 Film Associates.
   THE ROWDYMAN.

 Film Originals.
   THOSE WERE THE DAYS.
   WHITE CLOUD PEAKS.

 FilmFair Communications.
   AT YOUR AGE.
   CREATIVE HANDS.
   LISTEN.
   MAKING IT IN THE WORLD OF WORK.
   MORNING ZOO.
   ONCE THERE WERE BLUEBIRDS.
   SAFE IN THE WATER.

 FilmFair, Inc.
   AT YOUR AGE.
   CREATIVE HANDS.
   THE LAST OF THE WILD MUSTANGS.
   LISTEN.
   MAKING IT IN THE WORLD OF WORK.
   MORNING ZOO.
   ONCE THERE WERE BLUEBIRDS.
   SAFE IN THE WATER.

 Films Ariane, S.A.
   VOYOU (THE CROOK)

 Films 13.
   VOYOU (THE CROOK)

 Filmvideo Releasing Corp.
   NO MAN’S LAND (HELL ON EARTH)

 Filmways, Inc.
   FUZZ.

 Filmways TV Productions, Inc.
   BEARCATS.
   GREEN ACRES.

 First Church of Christ, Scientist, Boston. Board of Directors.
   SEE Christian Science Board of Directors.

 501 Films, Inc.
   BEFORE HELP ARRIVES.

 Folklore Puppets Productions.
   THE RABBIT WHO WANTED RED WINGS.

 Foods Division, Coca-Cola Co.
   SEE Coca-Cola Co. Foods Division.

 Foote, Cone & Belding.
   [EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Ford Customer Service Division, Ford Marketing Corp.
   SEE Ford Marketing Corp. Ford Customer Service Division.

 Ford Marketing Corp.
   DIAGNOSING THE STARTING SYSTEM.
   VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

 Ford Marketing Corp. Ford Customer Service Division.
   DIAGNOSING THE STARTING SYSTEM.
   VEHICLE EMISSION CONTROL.

 Fortress Press.
   WE WORK TOGETHER.
   WHAT IS COMMUNICATION.

 Franciscan Communications Center, Los Angeles.
   AWARE.
   CHARISMATIC RENEWAL.
   FOR GOD’S SAKE.
   INVOLVEMENT.
   LAND OF THE BRAVE.
   THE STRAY.
   A TALENT FOR TONY.
   THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM.

 Frankovich Productions, Inc.
   BUTTERFLIES ARE FREE.
   $.
   STAND UP AND BE COUNTED.

 Freeman (Leonard) Enterprises, Inc.
   MEN AT LAW.
   STOREFRONT LAWYERS.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions, Inc.
   HAWAII FIVE-O.

 Friedman, Donald M.
   REFLECTION.
   THE WARNING GAME.


                                   G

 Gaines, Bill.
   TALES FROM THE CRYPT.

 Gakken Co., Ltd.
   TALES FROM JAPAN.

 Geeslin, Gene S.
   SEE Visual Aids Studio.

 Genco Productions, Inc.
   DOWN ON SALINA STREET.
   MIDNIGHT SNACK.

 General Learning Corp.
   CATHERINE DRINKER BOWEN: OTHER PEOPLE’S LIVES.
   STARTER 101 TEACHER TRAINING PROGRAM.

 General Learning Corp. Silver Burdett Co.
   SEE Silver Burdett Co.

 Gershe, Leonard.
   BUTTERFLIES ARE FREE.

 Getty & Fromkess Picture Corp.
   ZEPPELIN.

 Gilfillan, Carl A.
   THE STRUGGLE.

 Gilkison (Anthony) Associates, Ltd.
   A FEW MILES FROM FRANCE.
   GREEN FOR IRELAND.
   ISRAEL NOW.

 Gillette Co.
   [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Giraudoux, Jean.
   THE MADWOMAN OF CHAILLOT.

 Glenarby Productions.
   HOLIDAYS.

 Glynn, Thomas.
   FIRST THINGS: THAT’S NO FAIR.
   FIRST THINGS: THE TROUBLE WITH TRUTH.
   FIRST THINGS: YOU PROMISED.

 Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
   GUESS WHERE WE WENT TODAY.
   THE VOWEL [A,E,I,O,U]

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions.
   THE PRINCESS AND THE PIRATE. (R)

 Goodtimes Enterprises.
   PERFORMANCE.

 Gordon/Glyn Productions, Inc.
   A PLACE TO PLAY.

 Gorstein, Frederick.
   PATHOLOGY OF THE CERVIX.

 Gould, Lois.
   SUCH GOOD FRIENDS.

 Graham, Marajean.
   AGAVE.

 Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.
   [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Graphic Educational Systems.
   JOBS IN HEALTH SERVICE.
   SHOP MEASURING INSTRUMENTS.

 Greaves (William) Productions.
   THE FIGHTERS.

 Greendale Day School, Devon, Pa.
   PROJECT I.M.A.G.E.-I.

 Gregory, Dorothy Lake.
   ALL ALONE WITH DADDY.

 Griffith, Earl Francis.
   ANTARCTICA NATURE STUDY: WEDDELL SEAL.

 Grubb, Davis.
   NIGHT GALLERY.

 Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.
   ALCOHOL: THE SOCIAL DRUG/THE SOCIAL PROBLEM.
   AMERICA! THE POETRY OF A NATION.
   AMERICAN GOTHIC: HAWTHORNE/MELVILLE.
   CONSUMER STUDIES.
   FIRST THINGS: THAT’S NO FAIR.
   FIRST THINGS: THE TROUBLE WITH TRUTH.
   FIRST THINGS: YOU PROMISED.
   THE FUTURE OF THE FAMILY.
   HARD TO FEEL YOU’RE SOMEBODY: DOPE IN THE CITY.
   THE PURITAN LEGACY.
   REFLECTIONS OF MYSELF: THE ADOLESCENT EXPERIENCE.
   SLEEP AND DREAMS.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR PARENTS.

 Gulf Pub. Co.
   THE NOW EMPLOYEE.

 Guts.
   THE FIGHTERS.


                                   H

 H.B.L. Productions, Inc.
   THE CATCHER.

 Hagner, Gerald.
   NATMUS.

 Haley, Gail E.
   A STORY A STORY.

 Hammer Film Corp,
   GONE ARE THE DAYS.

 Handy, Jam.
   I SEE YOU AND ME.

 Hanover Productions, Inc.
   FESTIVAL TIME.

 Harbour-UTV.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   IRONSIDE.

 Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
    York.
   SEE Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.

 Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.
   BRONZEVILLE BOYS AND GIRLS.

 Harper, Lauren.
   REFLECTIONS OF MYSELF: THE ADOLESCENT EXPERIENCE.

 Harris (Jack H.) Enterprises, Inc.
   BEWARE! THE BLOB.

 Hartog, Jan de.
   THE LITTLE ARK.

 Health Education Aids.
   RESPIRATION IN THE HUMAN BODY, SIMPLIFIED.

 Hearst Corp. Hearst Metrotone News.
   SEE Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.

 Hearst Corp. King Features Syndicate.
   See King Features Syndicate.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)
   THE RINGER.
   SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

 Heathertel Enterprises, Inc.
   LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD.

 Highsmith, Patricia.
   ONCE YOU KISS A STRANGER.

 Hilbert, Ben.
   THE PRODIGAL SON.

 Hogg, Beulah J.
   FIGURE-GROUND.
   SHAPES.

 Holt, Rinehart & Winston, Inc.
   11:59–-LAST MINUTE TO CHOOSE.

 Horizon Pictures, Inc.
   NICHOLAS AND ALEXANDRA.

 Houghton Mifflin Co.
   THE OVERVIEW.
   THE SIDEWALK ARTISTS.
   SPANISH FOR COMMUNICATION.
   THAT’S ME.

 Houghton Mifflin Co. Educational Division.
   THE OVERVIEW.
   SPANISH FOR COMMUNICATION.

 Hovue Productions.
   MEMORANDUM FOR A SPY.

 Howard, Matthew.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Hudson, Jeffery.
   THE CAREY TREATMENT.

 Humboldt State College Foundation, Arcata, Calif.
   THE WAY OF OUR FATHERS.

 Hunter, Evan.
   EVERY LITTLE CROOK AND NANNY.

 Huron-Clinton Metropolitan Authority (Mich.)
   NO RESERVATIONS NEEDED.

 Hutchins, Pat.
   CLICKS AND MORE CLOCKS.

 Hyun, Bong Hak.
   HEMATOPHATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.


                                   I

 ICI.
   SEE Insurance Careers Institute, Inc.

 IML.
   SEE Instructional Media Laboratory.

 IRD Mechanalysis, Inc.
   VIBRATION MEASUREMENT.

 ITC.
   SEE Incorporated Television Co., Ltd.

 Ideation, Inc.
   BEGINNINGS.

 Image Pub. Corp.
   THE CHAMPION.
   THE CRITIC.
   MY WORLD; MY LUCK.
   THE OTHER IS ME.
   REFLECTION.
   SANDCASTLE.
   THE WARNING GAME.

 Imagination Unlimited.
   BREAKING THE BARRIERS TO COMMUNICATION.
   GROWING THE LEADER.

 Impact.
   SKIDS CAN BE CONTROLLED.

 Imperial Film Co., Inc.
   AMERICAN REPTILES IN THEIR ENVIRONMENT.
   THE GREEDY MAN AND THE STRANGER.
   JAPANESE FAIRY TALES.
   THE JOURNAL OF HENRY DAVID THOREAU: THE SEASONS.
   MAINTAINING INSTRUMENTS OF THE VIOLIN FAMILY.
   MAINTAINING THE BOWS OF THE VIOLIN FAMILY.
   MAN IN HIS ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2.
   THE PRINCIPLES OF MODERN DANCE.
   STORIES FROM OTHER LANDS: THE ARABIAN NIGHTS.
   STORIES OF ANIMALS WHICH SHARE AN ENVIRONMENT.
   TALES FOR YOUNG IMAGINATIONS.
   THE UNBENDING KING & THE MAN WITH TWO WIVES.
   THE UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT. GROUP 2.
   WATCHING ARTISTS AT WORK.

 Incorporated Television Co., Ltd.
   THE POSSESSION OF JOEL DELANEY.

 Indiana Farm Bureau, Inc.
   FOOD--FROM FARM TO YOU.

 Indiana State Library, Indianapolis.
   MULTIPLE CHOICE.

 Indiana University, Bloomington.
   DIGESTIVE SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   EXCRETORY SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   INNER CITY DWELLER: HEALTH CARE.
   INSTRUCTIONAL DEVELOPMENT.
   LEGACIES OF THE ICE AGE.
   NERVOUS SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   NEW HARMONY: AN EXAMPLE AND A BEACON.
   RESPIRATORY SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   TRANSPORT SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.

 Indiana University, Bloomington. Audio-Visual Center.
   DIGESTIVE SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   EXCRETORY SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   INNER CITY DWELLER: HEALTH CARE.
   INSTRUCTIONAL DEVELOPMENT.
   LEGACIES OF THE ICE AGE.
   NERVOUS SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   NEW HARMONY: AN EXAMPLE AND A BEACON.
   RESPIRATORY SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.
   TRANSPORT SYSTEMS IN ANIMALS.

 Institute for Dermatologic Communication & Education, San Francisco.
   CUTANEOUS CLUES.
   SIMPLE OFFICE PROCEDURES.

 Instructional Media Laboratory.
   CONVERSATION WITH ROBERT THEOBALD.

 Instructional Systems, Inc.
   ALGERNON, THE AMBULANCE.
   THE CHAMPION.
   COLOR AND ITS PERCEPTION.
   THE CRITIC.
   MY WORLD; MY LUCK.
   THE OTHER IS ME.
   REFLECTION.
   SANDCASTLE.
   THE WARNING GAME.

 Insurance Careers Institute, Inc.
   PRIVATE PASSENGER AUTOMOBILE COVERAGES & RATING.

 Insurance Information Institute.
   ACTION & REACTION.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
   MEDIUM SPEED HEAD-ON CRASH TESTS.
   1972 CARS: LOW SPEED CRASH COSTS.
   SMALL CARS AND CRASHES.
   SPECIAL LOW SPEED CRASH TESTS 1972 BUMPER CLAIM MODELS.

 International Cinema, Inc.
   THE PLAYER.

 International Communication Films.
   CITIES IN TRANSITION.
   LIFE ON THE LAND.
   MODERNIZATION THROUGH HUMAN POWER.

 International Education & Training.
   ALGERNON, THE AMBULANCE.

 Iowa Educational Broadcasting Network.
   PAUL ENGLE.

 Iowa State University, Ames.
   WATER DEPRIVATION SODIUM ION TOXICITY (SALT POISONING) IN SWINE.

 Iowa State University, Ames. College of Veterinary Medicine. Biomedical
    Communications Section.
   WATER DEPRIVATION SODIUM ION TOXICITY (SALT POISONING) IN SWINE.

 Irani, Adi K.
   AVATAR MEHER BABA AT NASIK AND RAHURI, 1937.

 Isherwood, Christopher.
   CABARET.


                                   J

 Jacobson, Stanley.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO THE NEUROSCIENCES.

 Jadran Film.
   FLAMING FRONTIER.

 James, Henry.
   THE NIGHTCOMERS.

 James, John Thomas.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Jantz, Richard W.
   RAPID RUNNING AND THE GRAND CANYON.

 Jeck, Michael.
   IVORY TOWER.

 Johnson, Crockett.
   A PICTURE FOR HAROLD’S ROOM.

 Johnson, Dennis S.
   THE TROLLEY, BY GOLLY.

 Johnson, Karen.
   HANDS.

 Johnson, Wendell Stacy.
   AMERICAN GOTHIC: HAWTHORNE/MELVILLE.

 Jorkel, Inc.
   GEORGIA, GEORGIA.

 Journal Films, Inc.
   THE VOWEL [A,E,I,O,U]


                                   K

 KAET (Television station) Tempe, Ariz.
   PAOLO SOLERI.

 K.B.H. Productions, Inc.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 K-Calb Productions, Inc.
   THE BUS IS COMING.

 KETC (Television station) St. Louis.
   HOWARD JONES.

 KRMA (Television station) Denver.
   JULES FEIFFER.

 KTCA (Television station) St. Paul.
   CHARLES BIEDERMAN.

 KUED (Television station) Salt Lake City.
   WILLIAM CHRISTENSEN.

 KUON (Television station) Lincoln, Neb.
   NORMAN GESKE.

 Kalmia Co.
   GROUP IA ELEMENTS.
   GROUP IB ELEMENTS: COPPER.
   GROUP IIA ELEMENTS: PHYSICAL AND CHEMICAL PROPERTIES.
   MEASURING VOLUME OF A GAS.

 Kayfetz-Edutec Productions.
   A MOTHER GOOSE MEDLEY.

 Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc.
   METRIC SYSTEM.

 Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc. Visual Instruction Productions Dept.
   SEE Visual Instruction Productions.

 Kelly-Jordan Enterprises, Inc.
   GEORGIA, GEORGIA.

 Kenalex Corp.
   FACIAL TREATMENT.
   FROSTING.
   HAIR BLEACHING.
   HAIR CUTTING.
   HAIR STYLING.
   HAIR TINTING.
   IRON CURLING.
   MANICURING.
   PERMANENT WAVE.
   SCALP TREATMENT.
   SHAMPOO.

 Kersey, Yolande M.
   CYTOPLASMIC STREAMING AND MOTION IN CYTOPLASTS OF THE GREEN ALGAE
      NITELLA AND CHARA.

 Kestrel Films, Ltd.
   THE BODY.

 Ketchum, Peter J.
   AMERICA! THE POETRY OF A NATION.

 Kettledrum Lownes Productions, Ltd.
   AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.

 Keyboard Publications.
   AMERICA: A SINGING NATION.
   AMERICA: ITS HISTORY THROUGH MUSIC.
   AMERICA: THE CRADLE OF JAZZ.
   AMERICA: THE MECCA OF ELECTRONIC MUSIC.
   ELECTRONIC MUSIC.
   FROM JAZZ TO ROCK.

 Kimbo Educational Records.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 King Broadcasting Co.
   ABOVE GROUND IRON MINE.
   BIG IS LOTS OF THINGS.
   THE HAPPY TUESDAY RECYCLING JUG BAND TRUCK.
   HOW HOT IS A DRAGON.
   LIVIN’ ON THE MUD.
   MAGIC WORDS.
   ONE, TWO, PLOP.
   OUR TOTEM IS THE RAVEN.
   OUT OF HANDS.
   RESCUE ON A STRANGE PLANET.
   THE SWIMMING HOLE.
   TIMMY AND MARGARET MEET THE ORANGE CREATURE.

 King Features Syndicate.
   LEAVE IT TO BLONDIE. (R)

 King Screen Productions.
   ABOVE GROUND IRON MINE.
   BIG IS LOTS OF THINGS.
   THE HAPPY TUESDAY RECYCLING JUG BAND TRUCK.
   HOW HOT IS A DRAGON.
   LIVIN’ ON THE MUD.
   MAGIC WORDS.
   ONE, TWO, PLOP.
   OUR TOTEM IS THE RAVEN.
   OUT OF HANDS.
   RESCUE ON A STRANGE PLANET.
   THE SWIMMING HOLE.
   TIMMY AND MARGARET MEET THE ORANGE CREATURE.

 Kingsbury Center, Inc., Washington, D.C.
   TOOLS FOR LEARNING: AN ARTIST TEACHES ACADEMIC SKILLS THROUGH
      WOODWORK.

 Kiplinger Washington Editors, Inc.
   CHANGING TIMES LIFE.

 Knightsbridge Productions, Inc.
   WHAT DID YOU TAKE.

 Knopf (Alfred A.) Inc.
   MODERN PORTUGUESE.

 Knox Reeves Advertising.
   [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Kolmer, Frederick.
   GIDGET GETS MARRIED.

 Kornbluth, K. M.
   NIGHT GALLERY.

 Kramer, Theodore T.
   COMPARATIVE PATHOGENIC BACTERIOLOGY.

 Krofft (Sid & Marty) Television Productions, Inc.
   H. R. PUFNSTUF.

 Kronman, Harry.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.

 Kuxhaus, Richard L.
   SEE Public Education Publications.


                                   L

 LaGorce Associates, Inc.
   S-T-E-A-MBOAT A-COMIN’!

 L’Amour, Louis.
   CATLOW.

 Lancer Productions.
   AUTUMN IDYLL.

 Landa, Peter.
   THE MAN OF THE HOUSE.

 Langan, William.
   ALGERNON, THE AMBULANCE.

 Lansford, William.
   THE INTRUDERS.

 Laughlin (Michael) Enterprises, Inc.
   THE CHRISTIAN LICORICE STORE.

 Lear, Edward.
   THE OWL AND THE PUSSY-CAT.

 Learning Institute of North Carolina, Durham.
   THE STRUGGLE.

 Lee, Patricia.
   THE NORTH END.

 Lehn & Fink Products.
   [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Lentin, Frederick A.
   THE MYSTERIOUS DOCTOR X.

 LeVor, Mildred Osgood.
   THE SAD LITTLE CLOWN.

 Lewis (Jerry) Films, Inc.
   WHICH WAY TO THE FRONT.

 Library Filmstrip Center.
   DISSECTION OF A FROG.

 Lieber, Fritz.
   NIGHT GALLERY.

 Life Filmstrips.
   POLLUTION.
   THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.

 Litton Educational Pub., Inc.
   TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS.

 Loew’s, Inc.
   BEWITCHED. (R)
   THE CLOCK. (R)
   FALL GUY. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD SCOUT. (R)
   IT LOOKS LIKE RAIN. (R)
   KEEP YOUR POWDER DRY. (R)
   THE LAST INSTALLMENT. (R)
   LITTLE WHITE LIE. (R)
   THE MOUSE COMES TO DINNER. (R)
   PHANTOMS INC. (R)
   THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY. (R)
   THE SCREWY TRUANT. (R)
   SEEING EL SALVADOR. (R)
   THE SEESAW AND THE SHOES. (R)
   THE SHOOTING OF DAN MCGOO. (R)
   SHRINES OF YUCATAN. (R)
   SON OF LASSIE. (R)
   THIS MAN’S NAVY. (R)
   THRILL OF A ROMANCE. (R)
   TRACK AND FIELD QUIZ. (R)
   TWICE BLESSED. (R)
   THE UNWELCOME GUEST. (R)
   THE VALLEY OF DECISION. (R)
   WITHOUT LOVE. (R)

 Lohmann, Karl Baptiste, Jr.
   HOPPY BIRTHDAY.

 Lollipop Dragon Productions, Inc.
   HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.

 Lomonte, LaNece P.
   HOME ECONOMICS BULLETIN BOARDS.

 Longfellow, Henry Wadsworth.
   THE WORD AND THE ECHO.

 Lothar, Eva.
   STREET OF THE SARDINE.

 Louisiana Audio Visuals.
   PLANTATION REVOLUTION OF THE 1950’S: PLANTERS, MACHINES AND NEGROES.

 Lutheran Church in America. Board of Publication.
   ANYTHING YOU CAN DO I CAN DO BETTER.
   CAUTIONARY CARTOONS.
   WHO SAID WHAT.

 Lutheran Church in America. Commission on Church Architecture.
   TOWARD UNDERSTANDING MODERN CHURCHES.

 Lutheran Church Press.
   BREAD.

 Lutheran Film Associates.
   TOWARD UNDERSTANDING MODERN CHURCHES.

 Lynn, Margaret.
   THE OTHER MAN.


                                   M

 MCA-TV.
   ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   THE CITY.
   A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER.
   DESTINY OF A SPY.
   DIAL HOT LINE.
   THE INTRUDERS.
   IRONSIDE.
   MCCLOUD.
   MARCUS WELBY, M.D.
   THE MEN FROM SHILOH.
   THE MOVIE MURDERER.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.
   THE NEON CEILING.
   NIGHT GALLERY.
   O’HARA, UNITED STATES TREASURY.
   PARIS 7000.
   THE PSYCHIATRIST: GOD BLESS THE CHILDREN.
   RUN A CROOKED MILE.
   SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.

 MGA, Inc.
   THE MURDER OF FRED HAMPTON.

 MSJC Productions.
   VENEREAL DISEASE.
   VOLTMETERS AND AMMETERS.

 McBain, Ed.
   FUZZ.

 McBride, Malcolm R.
   TEMPLE OF APOLLO AT BASSAE.

 Macmillan Co.
   CITIES OF THE WEB.

 Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co., Inc.
   BREAKING THE BARRIERS TO COMMUNICATION.
   GROWING THE LEADER.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   FAMILY LIVING SET.
   OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY.
   ORTHOTICS.
   PHYSICAL THERAPY.
   PROSTHETICS.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF DISABILITY.
   SOCIAL SERVICE.
   SPEECH SERVICES.
   WORDS AND SOUNDS.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.
   ESPANOL: A SENTIRLO.

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   THE AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES (FILMSTRIP)
   BUSINESS CYCLES.
   CAPITAL: FOUNDATION OF THE ECONOMY.
   CAVE LIFE.
   THE CIVIL WAR.
   CLASSIFYING.
   COLONIAL AMERICA.
   FAMILY LIVING SET.
   FRANCHISE OPPORTUNITY IN THE WORLD OF WORK.
   HIGH ALTITUDE LAKES.
   MEASURING.
   A MEETING WITH THE SEA.
   MONEY AND BANKING.
   MUSIC TO LIVE BY.
   THE NEW DEAL.
   OPERA: MAN, MUSIC AND DRAMA.
   THE PERFORMING ARTS.
   PRICES: BALANCE WHEEL OF THE ECONOMY.
   PRODUCTIVITY: THE KEY TO BETTER LIVING.
   PROFITS: FUEL OF THE ECONOMY.
   THE RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE.
   THE REVOLUTION.
   SCULPTURE: THE FORMS OF LIFE.
   THE UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE.
   WAGES IN A MARKET ECONOMY.
   WORDS AND SOUNDS.

 McGraw-Hill Films, Inc.
   THE ANDES.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   THE ANDES.
   CAVE LIFE.
   CLASSIFYING.
   ESPANOL: A SENTIRLO.
   FAMILY LIVING SET.
   FRANCHISE OPPORTUNITY IN THE WORLD OF WORK.
   HIGH ALTITUDE LAKES.
   MEASURING.
   A MEETING WITH THE SEA.
   MUSIC TO LIVE BY.
   THE NEW DEAL.
   OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY.
   OPERA: MAN, MUSIC AND DRAMA.
   ORTHOTICS.
   THE PERFORMING ARTS.
   PHYSICAL THERAPY.
   PROSTHETICS.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF DISABILITY.
   THE RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE.
   SCULPTURE: THE FORMS OF LIFE.
   SOCIAL SERVICE.
   SPEECH SERVICES.
   WORDS AND SOUNDS.

 Maine Public Broadcasting Network.
   A FRESH BREEZE DOWNEAST.

 Major News Library.
   PARAMOUNT NEWS. (R)

 Management Forms, Inc.
   BRUSHING.
   FLOSSING.

 Marathon International Productions, Inc.
   WHAT’S IN IT FOR ME.

 Marayan Productions, Ltd.
   I WANT WHAT I WANT.

 Marcus, Elliott M.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO THE NEUROSCIENCES.

 Marion Laboratories, Inc.
   TIA: THE EARLY WARNING SYSTEM OF IMPENDING STROKE.

 Mark VII, Ltd.
   O’HARA, UNITED STATES TREASURY.

 Marketing Training Dept., Chrysler Institute.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Markham, Margaret.
   THE BEGINNING OF LIFE, HOW A BABY DEVELOPS BEFORE BIRTH.

 Marshall, James Vance.
   WALKABOUT.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   INSTALLING CONDUIT AND CABLE.
   LAYING CONCRETE BLOCK.

 Marshall, Randall G.
   ESPANOL: A SENTIRLO.

 Mason, Edward A.
   WIDOWS.

 Massie, Robert K.
   NICHOLAS AND ALEXANDRA.

 Masteroff, John.
   CABARET.

 Mathe, Andrew, Reverend.
   KREE FINDS THE WAY.

 Mathematics Dept, of the Educational Research Council of America.
   SEE Educational Research Council of America. Mathematics Dept.

 Maucher, Robert.
   AMERICA: THE POETRY OF A NATION.

 Maucker, Adele.
   HARD TO FEEL YOU’RE SOMEBODY: DOPE IN THE CITY.

 Maucker, Robert.
   HARD TO FEEL YOU’RE SOMEBODY: DOPE IN THE CITY.

 Maurois, Andre.
   NIGHT GALLERY.

 Maxwell, Petok, Petrovich Productions.
   THE MAD BAKER.

 May, Karl.
   FLAMING FRONTIER.

 Mealey (Joseph) & Associates, Inc.
   INVESTIGATING RELATIONSHIPS IN MATTER.
   MARYLAND, ITS HISTORY AND GEOGRAPHY.
   OKLAHOMA, A STATE HISTORY.

 Medcom, Inc.
   HYPERTENSION.

 Medex International, Inc.
   ARTERIAL PUNCTURE.
   CENTRAL VENOUS PRESSURE MEASUREMENT.
   LUMBAR PUNCTURE.

 Medi Comp Co.
   SELECTIVE REGRESSION.

 Media Artists, Inc.
   CUE BALL.

 Memorial Enterprises, Ltd.
   GUMSHOE.

 Mendelson (Lee) Film Productions, Inc.
   FROM YELLOWSTONE TO TOMORROW.

 Merck, Sharp & Dohme.
   HYPERTENSION.

 Meredith Corp.
   DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.
   UNDERSTANDING AGGRESSION.

 Meredith Corp., Appleton-Century-Crofts Educational Division.
   SEE Appleton-Century-Crofts.

 Metro American Productions.
   [BANKING]
   [DRIVER’S EDUCATION]
   [JOB INTERVIEW]

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   BEWITCHED. (R)
   THE BOY FRIEND.
   THE CAREY TREATMENT.
   CATLOW.
   CHANDLER.
   CLAY PIGEON.
   THE CLOCK. (R)
   COOL BREEZE.
   CORKY.
   EVERY LITTLE CROOK AND NANNY.
   FALL GUY. (R)
   GOING HOME.
   HOLLYWOOD SCOUT. (R)
   IT LOOKS LIKE RAIN. (R)
   THE JERUSALEM FILE.
   KEEP YOUR POWDER DRY. (R)
   THE LAST INSTALLMENT. (R)
   LITTLE WHITE LIE. (R)
   THE MOUSE COMES TO DINNER. (R)
   ONE IS A LONELY NUMBER.
   PETER RABBIT & TALES OF BEATRIX POTTER.
   PHANTOMS INC. (R)
   THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY. (R)
   THE SCREWY TRUANT. (R)
   SEEING EL SALVADOR. (R)
   THE SEESAW AND THE SHOES. (R)
   THE SHOOTING OF DAN MCGOO. (R)
   SHRINES OF YUCATAN. (R)
   SON OF LASSIE. (R)
   THIS MAN’S NAVY. (R)
   THRILL OF A ROMANCE. (R)
   TRACK AND FIELD QUIZ. (R)
   TWICE BLESSED. (R)
   THE UNWELCOME GUEST. (R)
   THE VALLEY OF DECISION. (R)
   VILLAIN.
   WITHOUT LOVE. (R)

 Metromedia Producers Corp.
   TALES FROM THE CRYPT.

 Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn., Denver.
   [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Minnesota. Legislature.
   THERE OUGHTA BE A LAW.

 Minster Machine Co.
   MINSTER STAMPING CENTER.

 Mirisch Productions, Inc.
   FIDDLER ON THE ROOF.
   THE ORGANIZATION.

 Mirisch-Rich Television Productions, Inc.
   THE RAT PATROL.

 Mirisch T.V., Inc.
   THE RAT PATROL.

 Modern Language Assn.
   MODERN PORTUGUESE.

 Monogram Pictures Corp.
   ADVENTURES OF KITTY O’DAY. (R)
   ARE THESE OUR PARENTS. (R)
   ARIZONA WHIRLWIND. (R)
   BLACK MAGIC. (R)
   BLOCK BUSTERS. (R)
   CALL OF THE JUNGLE. (R)
   THE CHINESE CAT. (R)
   DETECTIVE KITTY O’DAY. (R)
   FOLLOW THE LEADER. (R)
   HOT RHYTHM. (R)
   JOHNNY DOESN’T LIVE HERE. (R)
   LADY, LET’S DANCE. (R)
   LAND OF THE OUTLAWS. (R)
   LEAVE IT TO THE IRISH. (R)
   OH WHAT A NIGHT. (R)
   OUTLAW TRAIL. (R)
   RANGE LAW. (R)
   THE RETURN OF THE APE MAN. (R)
   SONORA STAGECOACH. (R)
   THREE OF A KIND. (R)
   THE UTAH KID. (R)
   VOODOO MAN. (R)
   A WAVE, A WAC AND A MARINE. (R)
   WEST OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   WHEN STRANGERS MARRY. (R)
   WHERE ARE YOUR CHILDREN. (R)

 Moody Institute of Science.
   FREEDOM IN FLIGHT.
   SOUNDS IN THE SILENT DEEP.

 Moody Institute of Science. Educational Film Division.
   FREEDOM IN FLIGHT.
   SOUNDS IN THE SILENT DEEP.

 Moore, Robin.
   THE FRENCH CONNECTION.

 Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.
   THE HOUSE THAT WASN’T THERE.

 Morris, Rebecca.
   ONE IS A LONELY NUMBER.

 Morrison, Alva.
   SEE Sunday River Productions.

 Morrow, L. A.
   THE FUTURE OF THE FAMILY.

 Morse, Jack.
   THE PSYCHIATRIST.

 Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young University.
   SEE Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah. Motion Picture Dept.

 Mt. San Jacinto College, Gilman Hot Springs, Calif.
   HOW TO PLAN FILMSTRIP-TAPE MULTIMEDIA LESSONS.
   VENEREAL DISEASE.
   VOLTMETERS AND AMMETERS.

 Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (Calif.)
   HOW TO PLAN FILMSTRIP-TAPE MULTIMEDIA LESSONS.
   VENEREAL DISEASE.
   VOLTMETERS AND AMMETERS.

 Mullins Broadcasting Co. Barbre Productions.
   SEE Barbre Productions.

 Multimedia.
   THE CHALLENGE OF DEVELOPMENT.

 Multimedia Co.
   THE NOW EMPLOYEE.

 Murakami Wolf Productions, Inc.
   200 MOTELS.

 Mutrux (Floyd) Productions.
   THE CHRISTIAN LICORICE STORE.


                                   N

 NGC Television, Inc.
   TARZAN AND THE AMAZONS. (R)

 Nadler, David.
   THE NOW EMPLOYEE.

 Naiman, J. Lawrence.
   PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY: A MORPHOLOGIC APPROACH TO DIAGNOSIS.

 Nancy Enterprises, Inc.
   AFTER THE FOX.

 National Assn. of Manufacturers.
   A JOB MODERN TECHNOLOGY CAN’T MAKE OBSOLETE--THE PRECINCT WORKER.

 National Assn. of Manufacturers. Public Affairs Dept.
   A JOB MODERN TECHNOLOGY CAN’T MAKE OBSOLETE--THE PRECINCT WORKER.

 National Assn. of Manufacturers of the United States.
   THE AMERICAN ECONOMY SERIES (FILMSTRIP)
   BUSINESS CYCLES.
   CAPITAL: FOUNDATION OF THE ECONOMY.
   MONEY AND BANKING.
   PRICES: BALANCE WHEEL OF THE ECONOMY.
   PRODUCTIVITY: THE KEY TO BETTER LIVING.
   PROFITS: FUEL OF THE ECONOMY.
   THE UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE.
   WAGES IN A MARKET ECONOMY.

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc.
   BONANZA.
   DECEMBER 6, 1971: A DAY IN THE PRESIDENCY.
   NBC WHITE PAPER.

 National Education Assn.
   NEA CONVENTION HIGHLIGHTS, 1971.
   SIDELIGHTS, NEA ANNUAL MEETING, 1971.

 National Education Assn. Publishing Division.
   SIDELIGHTS, NEA ANNUAL MEETING, 1971.

 National General Pictures Corp.
   SOMETHING BIG.

 National Geographic Society.
   THE LAST TRIBES OF MINDANAO.
   THE LAST VIKINGS.
   MAN OF THE SERENGETI.

 National Hockey League Services, Inc.
   STANLEY CUP 1971.
   STANLEY CUP ’70.

 National Society for the Prevention of Blindness.
   GLAUCOMA, A SILENT THREAT TO SIGHT.

 National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United States.
   [ABDU’L-BAHA: GLIMPSES OF PERFECTION]
   BAHA’IS AND THE HOLY LAND.
   GOD SPEAKS AGAIN.
   LAND OF RESPLENDENT GLORY.
   UNITY IN DIVERSITY.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   AND TO THINK THAT I SAW IT ON MULBERRY STREET. (R)
   BONNIE LASSIE. (R)
   BRONCS AND BRANDS. (R)
   CATCH ’EM AND EAT ’EM. (R)
   CILLY GOOSE. (R)
   FUN TIME. (R)
   FURLOUGH FISHING. (R)
   HALFWAY TO HEAVEN. (R)
   HEROES ON THE MEND. (R)
   HULLABA-LULU. (R)
   I’M JUST CURIOUS. (R)
   IT’S NIFTY TO BE THRIFTY. (R)
   JASPER GOES HUNTING. (R)
   JASPER’S PARADISE. (R)
   LONG SHOTS OF FAVORITES. (R)
   LUCKY LULU. (R)
   LULU AT THE ZOO. (R)
   LULU GETS THE BIRDIE. (R)
   LULU IN HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   LULU’S BIRTHDAY PARTY. (R)
   LULU’S INDOOR OUTING. (R)
   OPEN FIRE. (R)
   PACKAGE FOR JASPER. (R)
   SAY AH, JASPER. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS. (R)
   SPEED COURSES. (R)
   SWIMCAPADES. (R)
   TRAIL BREAKERS. (R)
   TWO GUN RUSTY. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS. (R)

 Nelson, Dick.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.

 New Day Films.
   IT HAPPENS TO US.

 New Document Productions, Inc.
   INDIAN BOY IN TODAY’S WORLD.

 New Film Co., Inc.
   THE WAR COMES HOME.

 New Jersey. Dept. of Education.
   STANLEY, THE FRIENDLY SCHOOL BUS.
   THE YELLOW BUG.

 New York (State) Dept. of Health.
   WHAT DID YOU TAKE.

 New York Zoological Society.
   THE RIGHT WHALE AT HOME.

 Nigram Corp.
   SOUL TO SOUL.

 Noonie Productions, Inc.
   A SAFE PLACE.

 Northern Illinois University, Dekalb. Communication Services.
   PUPPETS YOU CAN MAKE.

 Nowtski, Slavko.
   SEE S. N. Productions.


                                   O

 Ohio State University, Columbus. Dept. of Photography & Cinema.
   AGRICULTURAL WORKER IN THE COMMUNE.

 On Scene Cine Films.
   FOOD--FROM FARM TO YOU.

 Open Road Films, Ltd.
   LIVING FREE.

 Oringer, Barry.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.


                                   P

 Pace Productions, Inc.
   CALF CASTRATION.
   CALF IDENTIFICATION.
   DEHORNING.
   FREEZE BRANDING.
   GOOD MILKING PROCEDURE.
   PREPARING FOR FARROWING.
   SIMPLE KNOTS AND HITCHES.

 Pace, William Thomas.
   THOSE FABULOUS FURRY FREAK BROTHERS ACQUIRE A GROUPIE.

 Pan Media.
   PROFESSOR PERSUADER.

 Paramount Pictures Corp.
   THE GODFATHER.
   THE LAST OF THE RED HOT LOVERS.
   THE PIED PIPER.
   PLAY IT AGAIN, SAM.
   THE POSSESSION OF JOEL DELANEY.
   SUCH GOOD FRIENDS.
   Z.P.G. (ZERO POPULATION GROWTH)

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   AND TO THINK THAT I SAW IT ON MULBERRY STREET. (R)
   THE ANVIL CHORUS GIRL. (R)
   BONNIE LASSIE. (R)
   BRING ON THE GIRLS. (R)
   BRONCS AND BRANDS. (R)
   CATCH ’EM AND EAT ’EM. (R)
   CILLY GOOSE. (R)
   FUN TIME. (R)
   FURLOUGH FISHING. (R)
   HALFWAY TO HEAVEN. (R)
   HEROES ON THE MEND. (R)
   HULLABA-LULU. (R)
   I’M JUST CURIOUS. (R)
   IT’S NIFTY TO BE THRIFTY. (R)
   JASPER GOES HUNTING. (R)
   JASPER’S PARADISE. (R)
   LONG SHOTS OF FAVORITES. (R)
   LUCKY LULU. (R)
   LULU AT THE ZOO. (R)
   LULU GETS THE BIRDIE. (R)
   LULU IN HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   LULU’S BIRTHDAY PARTY. (R)
   LULU’S INDOOR OUTING. (R)
   A MEDAL FOR BENNY. (R)
   MOVING AWEIGH. (R)
   MURDER, HE SAYS. (R)
   OPEN FIRE. (R)
   PACKAGE FOR JASPER. (R)
   PARAMOUNT NEWS. (R)
   PITCHIN’ WOO AT THE ZOO. (R)
   PUPPET LOVE. (R)
   SALTY O’ROURKE. (R)
   SAY AH, JASPER. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS. (R)
   SPEED COURSES. (R)
   SPINACH PACKIN’ POPEYE. (R)
   SWIMCAPADES. (R)
   TRAIL BREAKERS. (R)
   TWO GUN RUSTY. (R)
   THE UNSEEN. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS. (R)
   WE’RE ON OUR WAY TO RIO. (R)

 Pathescope Educational Films, Inc.
   GUESS WHERE WE WENT TODAY.

 Patrick Productions, Inc. Professional Education & Research.
   SEE Professional Education & Research.

 Pax Enterprises, Inc.
   $.

 Peach Enterprises, Inc.
   METROMATIC.

 Peck (Leonard) Productions.
   BASIC MAP AND GLOBE SKILLS.

 Penbar Productions, Inc.
   SOMETHING BIG.

 Pendleton Woolen Mills.
   WOOL: FROM FLEECE TO FASHION.

 Penelope Productions, Inc.
   COOL BREEZE.

 Pennsylvania Division, American Cancer Society.
   SEE American Cancer Society, Inc. Pennsylvania Division.

 Perenchio, Inc.
   SEE Fight of the Champions.

 Perfection Form Co.
   ORTHO/GRAPHICS.
   THE STRATFORD SHAKESPEARE KNEW.
   THE WEST THE WAY IT WAS.
   WORDSWORTH’S LAKE COUNTRY: IMAGE OF MAN AND NATURE.

 Peri, P. C.
   BRONZEVILLE BOYS AND GIRLS.

 Peshak Films.
   FORM CLASS WORDS.

 Petersen/Chartwell Attractions.
   THE FIGHTERS.

 Peterson, Barbara Kruger.
   HOLIDAYS.

 Peterson, Charles E.
   FARALLON LIGHT.

 Peterson, Glen.
   HOLIDAYS.

 Petitclerc, Grace M.
   VISUALIZATION--A KEY TO READING.

 Pfizer, Inc.
   [PFIZER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Philadelphia, Board of Directors of City Trusts.
   GLAUCOMA, A SILENT THREAT TO SIGHT.

 Philadelphia Museum of Art.
   THE WAY OF THE CHINESE BRUSH.

 Philadelphia Museum of Art. Division of Education.
   THE WAY OF THE CHINESE BRUSH.

 Philip Morris, Inc.
   THE LAST OF THE WILD MUSTANGS.

 Phillips, William F.
   THE SEASHORE LIFEGUARD.

 Phoenix Productions.
   A RAINY DAY STORY.

 Pied Piper.
   LITERATURE FOR CHILDREN: AN INTRODUCTION.

 Pike Productions, Inc.
   DIVERGENCE IN A SPECIES OF MARINE SNAIL, LITTORINA LITTOREA.

 Pilot Productions, Inc.
   SCHOOL WITHOUT WALLS.

 Pink, Heinz-Guenther.
   INSTITUTE OF SIMPLIFIED MATHEMATICS.

 Pizzulli, Nunzio.
   [THE FOOL]

 Planned Parenthood/World Population, San Francisco.
   RIGHT NOW, IT’S A LOVE TRIP.

 Playboy Productions.
   MACBETH.

 Plymouth Division, Chrysler Corp.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Plymouth Division.

 Poe, Edgar Allan.
   MURDERS IN THE RUE MORGUE.

 Pointer, Ray.
   THE HOT CANARY.

 Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.
   ANCIENT CRETE.
   BEETLES--FRIENDS OR FOES.
   ETHAN FROME.
   HAMLET.
   MATCHING TRIANGLES.
   YUGOSLAVIA, LAND OF THE SOUTH SLAVS.

 Population Reference Bureau, Inc.
   LA CIUDAD.

 Pound Films, Ltd.
   POUND.

 Praxis Productions, Ltd.
   THE REPEATER.

 Priestley, Violet.
   SEE Library Filmstrip Center.

 Probe Associates, Inc.
   AND ANYBODY ELSE WHO’S LISTENING.

 Producciones Concord.
   SENTINELS OF SILENCE.

 Productions Artistes Associes.
   VOYOU (THE CROOK)

 Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.
   VOYOU (THE CROOK)

 Professional Education & Research.
   IT’S UP TO YOU.
   YOUR DENTAL EXAMINATION.

 Project 7, Inc.
   THE NEW DEAL.

 Public Affairs Dept., National Assn. of Manufacturers.
   SEE National Assn. of Manufacturers. Public Affairs Dept.

 Public Education Publications.
   CHIROPRACTIC, THE MASTER KEY TO HEALTH.
   THE EFFECTIVE HANDS.
   HEALTH INSURANCE.

 Puzo, Mario.
   THE GODFATHER.

 Pyramid Films.
   SMOKE SCREEN.


                                   Q

 Q3, Ltd.
   THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS.


                                   R

 RHR, Ltd.
   NORTHEAST OF SEOUL.

 RKO General, Inc.
   BETRAYAL FROM THE EAST. (R)
   THE BODY SNATCHER. (R)
   THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER. (R)
   THE ENCHANTED COTTAGE. (R)
   EXPERIMENT PERILOUS. (R)
   THE FALCON IN HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   GIRL RUSH. (R)
   GREAT DAY. (R)
   HAVING WONDERFUL CRIME. (R)
   THE MASTER RACE. (R)
   MURDER, MY SWEET. (R)
   MY PAL WOLF. (R)
   NEVADA. (R)
   NONE BUT THE LONELY HEART. (R)
   PAN-AMERICANA. (R)
   TALL IN THE SADDLE. (R)
   TWO O’CLOCK COURAGE. (R)
   WHAT A BLONDE. (R)
   ZOMBIES ON BROADWAY. (R)

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   BETRAYAL FROM THE EAST. (R)
   THE BODY SNATCHER. (R)
   THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER. (R)
   THE ENCHANTED COTTAGE. (R)
   EXPERIMENT PERILOUS. (R)
   THE FALCON IN HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   GIRL RUSH. (R)
   GREAT DAY. (R)
   HAVING WONDERFUL CRIME. (R)
   THE MASTER RACE. (R)
   MURDER, MY SWEET. (R)
   MY PAL WOLF. (R)
   NEVADA. (R)
   NONE BUT THE LONELY HEART. (R)
   PAN-AMERICANA. (R)
   TALL IN THE SADDLE. (R)
   TWO O’CLOCK COURAGE. (R)
   WHAT A BLONDE. (R)
   ZOMBIES ON BROADWAY. (R)

 Raab (Max L.)-Si Litvinoff Films (Pty.), Ltd.
   WALKABOUT.

 Rabinowitz, Solomon.
   FIDDLER ON THE ROOF.

 Radnitz (Robert B.) Productions, Ltd.
   THE LITTLE ARK.

 Rainy Day Films.
   SMOKE SCREEN.

 Ray, Marian.
   SOUND.

 Ray (Reid) Films, Inc.
   THERE OUGHTA BE A LAW.

 Ray-Vino Productions, Inc.
   VAMPS.

 Read, John G.
   THE ORIGIN OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM.
   SEARCH FOR EXTRATERRESTRIAL LIFE.

 Regent Pictures, Inc.
   THE PRINCESS AND THE PIRATE. (R)

 Regents of the University of Wisconsin.
   SEE University of Wisconsin. Regents.

 Reliance Electric Co.
   COMPUTAGRAM MODELS 3700, 3710, 3720.
   MODEL 1070.
   MODEL 3111 FAN SCALE.
   MODEL 3180.
   PRINCIPLES OF MECHANICAL WEIGHING.
   SIGHT SOUND TRAINING: TOLEDO SCALE.
   SPEEDWEIGH MODEL NO. 3011, 3021, 3031.
   [SPEEDWEIGH MODEL 3012]

 Repix, Inc.
   THE BIG BONANZA. (R)
   THE CHEATERS. (R)
   THE CHICAGO KID. (R)
   CORPUS CHRISTI BANDITS. (R)
   EARL CARROLL VANITIES. (R)
   FEDERAL OPERATOR. (R)
   FLAME OF BARBARY COAST. (R)
   GREAT STAGECOACH ROBBERY. (R)
   GRISSLY’S MILLIONS. (R)
   HITCHHIKE TO HAPPINESS. (R)
   JEALOUSY. (R)
   LONE TEXAS RANGER. (R)
   MANHUNT OF MYSTERY ISLAND. (R)
   THE PHANTOM SPEAKS. (R)
   SANTA FE SADDLEMATES. (R)
   SHERIFF OF CIMARRON. (R)
   A SPORTING CHANCE. (R)
   STEPPIN’ IN SOCIETY. (R)
   THREE’S A CROWD. (R)
   THE TOPEKA TERROR. (R)
   THE VAMPIRE’S GHOST. (R)

 Republic Pictures Corp.
   THE CHICAGO KID. (R)

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   THE BIG BONANZA. (R)
   THE CHEATERS. (R)
   CORPUS CHRISTI BANDITS. (R)
   EARL CARROLL VANITIES. (R)
   FEDERAL OPERATOR. (R)
   FLAME OF BARBARY COAST. (R)
   GREAT STAGECOACH ROBBERY. (R)
   GRISSLY’S MILLIONS. (R)
   HITCHHIKE TO HAPPINESS. (R)
   JEALOUSY. (R)
   LONE TEXAS RANGER. (R)
   MANHUNT OF MYSTERY ISLAND. (R)
   THE PHANTOM SPEAKS. (R)
   SANTA FE SADDLEMATES. (R)
   SHERIFF OF CIMARRON. (R)
   A SPORTING CHANCE. (R)
   STEPPIN’ IN SOCIETY. (R)
   THREE’S A CROWD. (R)
   THE TOPEKA TERROR. (R)
   THE VAMPIRE’S GHOST. (R)

 Review Educational Films, Inc.
   ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION RELATIONSHIPS.
   ADDITION FACTS.
   FRACTIONS: 1/2, 1/3, 1/4.
   GEOMETRY, LIKENESSES & DIFFERENCES.
   GREATER THAN, LESS THAN.
   MULTIPLICATION FACTS.
   SQUARES, RECTANGLES, AND PARALLELOGRAMS.
   SUBTRACTION FACTS.
   TRIANGLES.
   WHAT IS ZERO.

 Rialto Film Preben Philipsen.
   FLAMING FRONTIER.

 Risk Analysis & Research Corp.
   CONFLICT RESOLUTION, ANATOMY OF A DISPUTE.

 Roa’s Films.
   ABRAHAM, FATHER OF BELIEVERS.
   KINGS AND PROPHETS.
   KREE FINDS THE WAY.
   MY NAME IS JESUS.
   THE PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM.
   PAUL AND THE EARLY CHURCH.
   THE WATER WORKS.

 Robertson & Associates.
   J. W. COOP.

 Robil, Inc.
   BONGOS.

 Rocket Pictures, Inc.
   WHICH WILL IT BE.

 Rodlor, Inc.
   BEARCATS.

 Roen, Sheldon R.
   SLEEP AND DREAMS.

 Rogosin, Joel.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Rothschild, Amalie R.
   IT HAPPENS TO US.

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   WELCOME ABOARD.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   THE BEST VALUE IS THE BEST DEAL.
   THE BIG MOVE UP.
   BUILDING CUSTOMER CONFIDENCE.
   BUSY-NESS MAKES BUSINESS.
   CHRYSLER VS. BUICK & OLDSMOBILE.
   DECISIONS, DECISIONS.
   DISC BRAKE SERVICE ROUNDUP.
   DODGE MONACO, SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
   EXTRA APPEAL IN CHARGER ’72.
   HELP THE FIRST-TIME BUYERS TO BUY.
   IT’S FURY ALL THE WAY.
   LOAD OF DIFFERENCE.
   MAKE A GOOD LAST IMPRESSION.
   1972 SEAT BELT WARNING SYSTEM.
   THE POWER OF POLITE PERSISTENCE.
   ROADABILITY AND HANDLING.
   SIGHTING IN ON WAGONS.
   SOLD ON SAFETY.
   STAMP OUT SCHIZOPHRENIA, DRIVE CORONET.
   THE TREND SETTERS.
   THE UNCOMMON CAR.
   AN UNFAIR COMPARISON, DEMON VS. MAVERICK.
   WAGON WAYS.


                                   S

 S. N. Productions.
   SHEEP IN WOOD.

 Sabaroff, Robert.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.

 Sagittarius Productions, Inc.
   THE PIED PIPER.
   Z.P.G. (ZERO POPULATION GROWTH)

 Salud y Justicia.
   THE ILLEGAL.

 San Antonio Independent School District.
   ABUELITO MIO.
   THE DOCTOR.
   THE /ə/ SOUND.
   FEELING GOOD.
   HAPPY.
   THE PRESENT PROGRESSIVE TENSE.
   PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS.
   QUIEN SOY YO.
   EL SUBJUNTIVO IMPERFECTO.
   TWO-WORD VERBS.
   VERBOS IRREGULARES.
   THE /Z/ SOUND.

 Sanderson Films, Inc.
   THE AIR AND SPACE AGE.
   AIRLINE PERFORMANCE.
   AVIATION HISTORY.
   CAREERS IN AVIATION AND SPACE.
   HISTORY OF ROCKETRY.
   THE NATURE OF SPACE.
   ROCKETS, SATELLITES, AND SPACECRAFT.

 Sanderson, Richard A.
   AGRICULTURAL WORKER IN THE COMMUNE.

 Sandy (Bill) Co., Inc.
   A WESTERN DREAM.

 Sanford, John.
   GLORY BOY.

 Saunders (W. B.) Co.
   COMPARATIVE PATHOGENIC BACTERIOLOGY.
   EXFOLIATIVE CYTOLOGY OF THE FEMALE GENITAL TRACT.
   HEMATOPHATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO THE NEUROSCIENCES.
   PATHOLOGY OF THE CERVIX.
   PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY: A MORPHOLOGIC APPROACH TO DIAGNOSIS.

 Scarpelli, Henry F.
   THE CRITIC.
   MY WORLD; MY LUCK.
   THE OTHER IS ME.
   SANDCASTLE.

 Schenck (Joseph M.) Enterprises, Inc.
   JENNIFER ON MY MIND.

 Schering Corp.
   FIRST INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON PSORIASIS.

 Schiff, Jacqui.
   SELECTIVE REGRESSION.

 Schleh Associates, Inc.
   OBJECTIVES--A MANAGEMENT TOOL.
   RESULTS MANAGEMENT.

 Schmitt, Conrad J.
   ESPANOL: A SENTIRLO.

 Schmutzhart, Berthold.
   TOOLS FOR LEARNING: AN ARTIST TEACHES ACADEMIC SKILLS THROUGH
      WOODWORK.

 School Science & Mathematics Assn., Inc.
   PROBLEMS AND APPROACHES IN SELF-PACED MODULAR PROGRAMS.

 Schwarz, Leonard C.
   WHEN LOVE NEEDS CARE.

 Schweig, Bontche.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Scimitar Films.
   CHATO’S LAND.

 Scimitar Productions, Ltd.
   THE NIGHTCOMERS.

 Scope.
   ALGERNON, THE AMBULANCE.
   THE CHAMPION.
   THE CRITIC.
   MY WORLD; MY LUCK.
   THE OTHER IS ME.
   REFLECTION.
   SANDCASTLE.
   THE WARNING GAME.

 Scott Education.
   I SEE YOU AND ME.

 Scott, Foresman & Co.
   THESE HALLS OF CAMELOT.

 Screen Gems.
   BLACK NOON.
   BOBBY JO AND THE BIG APPLE GOOD TIME BAND.
   CALL HER MOM.
   THE CATCHER.
   GHOST STORY.
   GIDGET GETS MARRIED.
   THE GOOD LIFE.
   MAN ON A STRING.
   MOVIN’ ON.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   AS THE FLY FLIES. (R)
   BE PATIENT, PATIENT. (R)
   DOG, CAT AND CANARY. (R)
   THE EGG-YEGG. (R)
   I DREAM OF JEANNIE.
   KICKAPOO JUICE. (R)
   MR. FORE BY FORE. (R)
   MR. MOOCHER. (R)
   MUTT ’N BONES. (R)
   A PEE-KOOL-YAR-SIT-CHEE-AY-SHUN. (R)
   PORKYLIAR PIGGY. (R)
   TANGLED TRAVELS. (R)

 Selman, Robert.
   FIRST THINGS: THAT’S NO FAIR.
   FIRST THINGS: THE TROUBLE WITH TRUTH.
   FIRST THINGS: YOU PROMISED.

 Shabica, Stephen Vale.
   ANTARCTIC MARINE ANIMALS SERIES.

 Shaftel (Josef) Films, Inc.
   SOUL TO SOUL.

 Shapiro, Edwin.
   THEORIES OF EVOLUTION.
   THEORY OF NATURAL SELECTION.
   THE VOYAGE OF THE BEAGLE.

 Sheldon (Sidney) Productions, Inc.
   I DREAM OF JEANNIE.

 Sherman, Eric.
   PAUL WEISS, A PHILOSOPHER IN PROCESS.

 Sholem Aleichem, pseud.
   SEE Rabinowitz, Solomon.

 Siegel, Marian I.
   A LA MOZART.
   EUGENE.

 Sierra Club.
   MINER’S RIDGE.
   OIL! SPOIL! PATTERNS IN POLLUTION.
   WEST CHICHAGOF.

 Sierra Club Films.
   MINER’S RIDGE.

 Sigma Productions, Inc.
   SUCH GOOD FRIENDS.

 Sigman (R. W.) Inc.
   BEFORE HELP ARRIVES.

 Silver Burdett Co.
   CATHERINE DRINKER BOWEN: OTHER PEOPLE’S LIVES.
   STARTER 101 TEACHER TRAINING PROGRAM.

 Simcha Productions, Inc.
   THE HOSPITAL.

 Simon & Flynn, Inc.
   A MAN NAMED LOMBARDI.

 Simon, Neil.
   THE LAST OF THE RED HOT LOVERS.

 Simon, Roger L.
   JENNIFER ON MY MIND.

 Smith, Anthony.
   THE BODY.

 Smith, George Oliver.
   SEE Film Originals.

 Smith, Helen Stanfield.
   SEE Film Originals.

 Smyth, Jane.
   ONE LITTLE GIRL.

 Snyder (Bill) Films, Inc.
   CORN HUSK DOLLS.

 Society for Visual Education, Inc.
   HOLIDAY ADVENTURES OF THE LOLLIPOP DRAGON.
   WHY WE SEE LIKE HUMAN BEINGS.

 Society of Petroleum Engineers of AIME.
   WELL COMPLETIONS.

 Sorbus, Inc.
   360/20 CONSOLE, CONSOLE OPERATION 360/40, CONSOLE OPERATION 360/50.

 Sorenson, Don.
   MASTERS/SLAVES: THE MEANING OF POWER.

 Soundings.
   VISUALIZATION--A KEY TO READING.

 Southern Audio Visuals Corp., Louisiana Audio Visuals.
   SEE Louisiana Audio Visuals.

 Sports Films, Inc.
   THE JERUSALEM FILE.

 Spectrum Productions, Inc.
   TEACHING THE READ SYSTEM, A PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM FOR TEACHERS.

 Speight, Johnny.
   ALL IN THE FAMILY.

 Stafford, Marvin W.
   EXFOLIATIVE CYTOLOGY OF THE FEMALE GENITAL TRACT.

 Stanley Tools, division of the Stanley Works.
   SEE Stanley Works. Stanley Tools.

 Stanley Works. Stanley Tools. Educational Dept.
   METRIC SYSTEM.

 Stanmore Productions.
   SOMETHING BIG.

 Stauss, Nyles.
   PROBLEMS AND APPROACHES IN SELF-PACED MODULAR PROGRAMS.

 Steeg Productions, Inc.
   DISCOVERING YOUR SENSES.

 Sterling Drug, Inc. Lehn & Fink Products.
   SEE Lehn & Fink Products.

 Sterling Educational Films.
   A CHILD’S GARDEN OF VERSES.

 Stewart (Derek) Productions.
   TEMPLE OF APOLLO AT BASSAE.

 Stewart, Ramona.
   THE POSSESSION OF JOEL DELANEY.

 Stoumen Films.
   WALT WHITMAN: POET FOR A NEW AGE.

 Studio Four.
   NO RESERVATIONS NEEDED.

 Suit (Hal) & Associates.
   A PIECE OF THE ACTION.

 Sunburst Films, Inc.
   CAREERS: MAKING A CHOICE.

 Sunday River Productions.
   BERKSHIRE AT ITS BEST.
   CITY ON CAJON.
   THE COLORADO CENTRAL AND THE SOUTH PARK LINE.
   THE COMPLETE SILVERTON.
   SPIDERWEBS ACROSS THE CHASM.

 Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.
   THE /ə/ SOUND.
   THE PRESENT PROGRESSIVE TENSE.
   PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS.
   EL SUBJUNTIVO IMPERFECTO.
   TWO-WORD VERBS.
   VERBOS IRREGULARES.
   THE /Z/ SOUND.

 Symborski, Celia.
   THOSE FABULOUS FURRY FREAK BROTHERS ACQUIRE A GROUPIE.


                                   T

 Tait, Don.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Tanchuck, Nathaniel.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Tandem Productions, Inc.
   ALL IN THE FAMILY.

 Teaching Films, Inc.
   COORDINATED STRUCTURAL FIRE ATTACK.
   FUEL PRESSURE FIRES.
   GROUND SPILL PETROLEUM FIRES.
   IN PROCESS TANK FIRES.
   INDUSTRIAL FIRE HOSE AND NOZZLES.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE BRAIN.
   LIQUIFIED PETROLEUM GAS FIRES.
   LOADING TERMINAL FIRES.
   MOVEMENTS OF THE EYES AND TONGUE: SOMATIC MOTOR SYSTEM.
   OVERHEAD PIPE RACK FIRES.
   PORTABLE FIRE EXTINGUISHERS.
   PROCESS UNIT: TOWER, FLANGES AND PUMP PACKING FIRES.
   SIGHT: THE VISUAL SYSTEM.
   THE VISUAL SYSTEM: THE GLOBE.

 Tenzer (Bert) Organization, Ltd.
   2000 YEARS LATER.

 Terrytoons, Inc.
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN ELIZA ON THE ICE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE GREEN LINE. (R)

 Thompson (William) International.
   THE BUS IS COMING.

 Thomson, Edith H.
   THE AMERICAN WOODLANDERS.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   ACTION OF STOMATA.
   AGGRESSIVE DISPLAY IN THE SIAMESE FIGHTING FISH.
   ALLIED INVASION OF SICILY.
   ANTI-WAR DEMONSTRATIONS IN THE 1920’S.
   APHIDS.
   APOLLO II.
   APOLLO X.
   ASSASSINATION OF JOHN F. KENNEDY.
   ASSASSINATION OF MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.
   ASSASSINATION OF ROBERT F. KENNEDY.
   BACTERIOLOGICAL TECHNIQUES.
   BERLIN AIRLIFT.
   BERLIN WALL.
   BIKINI ATOMIC BOMB TEST.
   BIRTH OF A COLT.
   BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION.
   BONUS ARMY.
   BOSTON POLICE STRIKE.
   THE BRIDGE RECTIFIER.
   BYRD’S NORTH POLAR EXPEDITION.
   CHICAGO EXPOSITION (1933–1934)
   COMMUNIST CHINESE REVOLUTION.
   THE COMPLETE POWER SUPPLY.
   COMPUTERIZED FLUID DYNAMICS.
   COMPUTERIZED HIGHWAY DESIGN.
   CONDUCTORS AND INSULATORS.
   CORONATION OF QUEEN ELIZABETH.
   COURTMARTIAL OF BILLY MITCHELL.
   CURRENT FLOW AND MEASUREMENT.
   DAIRY COWS.
   DAIRY GOATS.
   DELANO GRAPE STRIKE.
   DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION, CHICAGO, 1968.
   THE DIODES.
   EARLY FRENCH AVIATION (1901–1913)
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY CHEMICAL ACTION.
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY FRICTION.
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY MAGNETISM.
   ELECTRICITY PRODUCED BY PRESSURE, HEAT AND LIGHT.
   ELECTROMAGNETISM.
   ENZYME ACTION: PEPSIN.
   EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: HELICOPTERS.
   EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: ORNITHOPTERS.
   FACIAL TREATMENT.
   FILTER CIRCUITS.
   FIRST HYDROGEN BOMB EXPLOSION.
   THE FOREST FLOOR ENVIRONMENT.
   FROSTING.
   THE FULL-WAVE RECTIFIER.
   GANDHI.
   GERMAN U-BOMBS (V–1 AND V–2)
   HAIR BLEACHING.
   HAIR CUTTING.
   HAIR STYLING.
   HAIR TINTING.
   THE HALF-WAVE RECTIFIER.
   THE HERMAPHRODITIC MATINGS OF SNAILS AND SLUGS.
   HOLOGRAPHY.
   HUNGARIAN REVOLT (1956)
   IRISH REBELLION (1920–1922)
   IRON CURLING.
   ISRAELI INDEPENDENCE.
   JOSEPH MCCARTHY: ARMY HEARINGS.
   KOREAN WAR: ARMISTICE NEGOTIATIONS.
   KOREAN WAR: U.S. COMBAT OPERATIONS.
   KU KLUX KLAN IN THE 1920’S.
   LASER.
   LENIN.
   THE LIFE OF TEMPORARY POOLS.
   LINDBERGH’S TRANSATLANTIC FLIGHT.
   MANICURING.
   NEWARK RIOT (1967)
   OHM’S LAW FORMULA.
   OHM’S LAW THEORY.
   PARALLEL CIRCUITS.
   PEASANTS IN SAMARA, U.S.S.R.: 1921.
   PERMANENT WAVE.
   PLANET EARTH.
   PLANET MARS.
   PLANT GROWTH REGIONS.
   POOR PEOPLES’ CAMPAIGN.
   THE PORTSMOUTH CONFERENCE.
   PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1924.
   PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1928.
   PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION OF 1932.
   PROHIBITION: ILLEGAL LIQUOR TRAFFIC.
   PROJECT DUGOUT.
   PROJECT GASBUGGY.
   PROJECT GNOME.
   PROJECT PERSIMMON.
   PROJECT PLOWSHARE.
   PROJECT SALT VAULT.
   THE RED SCARE: ARRESTS AND DEPORTATIONS (1917–1920)
   REPUBLIC STEEL STRIKE POLICE RIOT (MEMORIAL DAY MASSACRE)
   RESISTANCE.
   RESISTANCE MEASUREMENT AND COLOR CODE.
   ROBERT GODDARD: ADVANCED ROCKET EXPERIMENTS, NEW MEXICO.
   ROBERT GODDARD: EARLY ROCKET EXPERIMENTS, MASSACHUSETTS.
   SAN FRANCISCO BAY MODEL.
   SCALP TREATMENT.
   SCOPES TRIAL.
   SELMA CIVIL RIGHTS MARCH.
   SERIES CIRCUITS.
   SHAMPOO.
   SHEEP.
   SOLAR CORONA I.
   SOLAR MAGNETIC FIELDS.
   SUEZ CRISIS.
   TERRADYNAMICS.
   TRIAL OF REVOLUTIONARY SOCIALISTS, MOSCOW, 1922.
   TRIP STEEL.
   U.S. HOME FRONT IN WORLD WAR II.
   U.S. INTERVENTION IN THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC CRISIS (1965)
   U.S. INTERVENTION IN THE NICARAGUAN CIVIL WAR (1927)
   U.S. OCCUPATION OF GERMANY.
   U.S. OCCUPATION OF JAPAN.
   U.S. PUNITIVE EXPEDITION INTO MEXICO.
   UNITED AUTO WORKERS STRIKE (1937)
   URBAN RUSSIA: 1921.
   VETERAN REHABILITATION: 1920.
   VOLTAGE AND VOLTAGE MEASUREMENT.
   WARREN HARDING: PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.
   WARSAW PACK INTERVENTION IN CZECHOSLOVAKIA.
   WASHINGTON CONFERENCE (1921–1922)
   WATER MOVEMENT IN STEMS.
   WILL ROGERS.
   WOMEN’S SUFFRAGE MOVEMENT.
   WORLD WAR I.
   WORLD WAR I: RUSSO-TURKISH NAVAL BATTLE.
   WORLD WAR I: U.S. HOME FRONT.
   WORLD WAR I: U.S. HOME FRONT CARTOONS.
   WRIGHT BROTHERS.

 Time, Inc.
   POLLUTION.
   THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.

 Times-Mirror Co. Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals, Inc.
   SEE Denoyer-Geppert Audio-Visuals, Inc.

 Toister, Richard P.
   [MR. POINTER SERIES]

 Toledo Scale Training Center, Toledo Scales & Systems.
   SEE Toledo Scales & Systems. Toledo Scale Training Center.

 Toledo Scales & Systems. Toledo Scale Training Center.
   COMPUTAGRAM MODELS 3700, 3710, 3720.
   MODEL 1070.
   MODEL 3111 FAN SCALE.
   MODEL 3180.
   PRINCIPLES OF MECHANICAL WEIGHING.
   SPEEDWEIGH MODEL NO. 3011, 3021, 3031.
   [SPEEDWEIGH MODEL 3012]

 Tracom Productions.
   CLAY PIGEON.

 Trans-American Films.
   DAGMAN’S HOT PANTS, INC.

 Travers, Alan F.
   GO AND TEACH.

 Trend Films.
   AT YOUR AGE.
   CREATIVE HANDS.
   MORNING ZOO.
   ONCE THERE WERE BLUEBIRDS.
   SAFE IN THE WATER.

 Tresselt, Alvin.
   HIDE AND SEEK FOG.

 Tuckey, Todd Nichols.
   THE RING.

 Turman (Lawrence) Films, Inc.
   THE MARRIAGE OF A YOUNG STOCKBROKER.

 Turner, Howard.
   CONSUMER STUDIES.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
   BERMUDA MYSTERY. (R)

 THE BIG NOISE. (R)
   BLACK GOLD AND CACTUS. (R)
   BLUE GRASS GENTLEMEN. (R)
   BUFFALO BILL. (R)
   CITY OF PARADOX. (R)
   DANGEROUS JOURNEY. (R)
   THE EVE OF ST. MARK. (R)
   THE FIGHTING LADY. (R)
   FOUR JILLS IN A JEEP. (R)
   THE FRENCH CONNECTION.
   FUN FOR ALL. (R)
   GIRLS PREFERRED. (R)
   GREENWICH VILLAGE. (R)
   HOME IN INDIANA. (R)
   IN THE MEANTIME, DARLING. (R)
   IRISH EYES ARE SMILING. (R)
   JANE EYRE. (R)
   JEWELS OF IRAN. (R)
   THE KEYS OF THE KINGDOM. (R)
   LADIES OF WASHINGTON. (R)
   LAURA. (R)
   LEATHERNECKS ON PARADE. (R)
   LEW LEHR MAKES THE NEWS. (R)
   LIFEBOAT. (R)
   THE LODGER. (R)
   MAILMAN OF SNAKE RIVER. (R)
   THE MARRIAGE OF A YOUNG STOCKBROKER.
   MEXICAN MAJESTY. (R)
   MYSTIC INDIA. (R)
   NYMPHS OF THE LAKE. (R)
   PIN UP GIRL. (R)
   THE PURPLE HEART. (R)
   REALM OF ROYALTY. (R)
   ROGER TOUHY, GANGSTER. (R)
   SEA-FOOD MAMAS. (R)
   SILVER WINGS. (R)
   SKI SLOPES. (R)
   SOMETHING FOR THE BOYS. (R)
   STEAMBOAT ON THE RIVER. (R)
   STUDENTS OF FORM. (R)
   THE SULLIVANS. (R)
   SUNDAY DINNER FOR A SOLDIER. (R)
   SWEET AND LOW DOWN. (R)
   TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT. (R)
   TAMPICO. (R)
   TROLLING FOR STRIKES. (R)
   WALKABOUT.
   WILSON. (R)
   WING AND A PRAYER. (R)
   WINGED VICTORY. (R)


                                   U

 Ulrich, Roger.
   UNDERSTANDING AGGRESSION.

 Unicorn Enterprises.
   DAGMAN’S HOT PANTS, INC.

 United Air Lines, Inc.
   AIRBORNE WEATHER RADAR.

 United Artists Corp.
   AFTER THE FOX.
   CHATO’S LAND.
   CRUNCH CRUNCH.
   DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER.
   FESTIVAL TIME.
   FIDDLER ON THE ROOF.
   FUZZ.
   THE HONKERS.
   THE HOSPITAL.
   JENNIFER ON MY MIND.
   THE LAST OF THE WILD MUSTANGS.
   THE ORGANIZATION.
   POUND.
   STALEMATE.
   SUNDAY BLOODY SUNDAY.
   200 MOTELS.
   VOYOU (THE CROOK)
   WOMAN.

 United Artists Corp., Inc.
   SHINE ON, HARVEST MOON. (R)

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   ADVENTURES OF KITTY O’DAY. (R)
   ADVENTURES OF MARK TWAIN. (R)
   ALL STAR MELODY MASTER. (R)
   ANGEL PUSS. (R)
   THE ANVIL CHORUS GIRL. (R)
   ARIZONA WHIRLWIND. (R)
   ARSENIC AND OLD LACE. (R)
   BACKYARD GOLF. (R)
   BEES A’BUZZIN’. (R)
   BETWEEN TWO WORLDS. (R)
   BIRDIE AND THE BEAST. (R)
   BLUENOSE SCHOONER. (R)
   BOB WILLS AND HIS TEXAS PLAYBOYS. (R)
   BROTHER BRAT. (R)
   BUCKAROO BUGS. (R)
   BUGS BUNNY & THREE BEARS. (R)
   BUGS BUNNY NIPS THE NIPS. (R)
   CALL OF THE JUNGLE. (R)
   CATTLEMEN’S DAYS. (R)
   CAVALCADE OF DANCE. (R)
   CHINATOWN CHAMPS. (R)
   THE CHINESE CAT. (R)
   COLORADO TROUT. (R)
   THE CONSPIRATORS. (R)
   CRIME BY NIGHT. (R)
   DESERT PLAYGROUND. (R)
   DETECTIVE KITTY O’DAY. (R)
   DEVIL BOATS. (R)
   DOGIE ROUND UP. (R)
   DUCK SOUP TO NUTS. (R)
   FILIPINO SPORTS PARADE. (R)
   GOLDILOCKS AND JIVIN’ BEARS. (R)
   HARE FORCE. (R)
   HARE RIBBIN. (R)
   HOT RHYTHM. (R)
   I GOT PLENTY OF MUTTON. (R)
   JANIE. (R)
   JUNGLE THRILLS. (R)
   JUNIOR JIVE BOMBERS. (R)
   LAST RIDE. (R)
   LEAVE IT TO THE IRISH. (R)
   LOST AND FOUNDLING. (R)
   MAKE YOUR OWN BED. (R)
   MASK OF DIMITRIOS. (R)
   MEXICAN SPORTLAND. (R)
   MR. SKEFFINGTON. (R)
   MOVING AWEIGH. (R)
   MUSICAL MOVIELAND. (R)
   NIGHT IN MEXICO CITY. (R)
   ONCE OVER LIGHTLY. (R)
   OUR FRONTIER IN ITALY. (R)
   OUTLAW TRAIL. (R)
   PITCHIN’ WOO AT THE ZOO. (R)
   PLANE DAFFY. (R)
   PROUDLY WE SERVE. (R)
   PUPPET LOVE. (R)
   THE RAT PATROL.
   RUSSIAN RHAPSODY. (R)
   SKI WHIZZ. (R)
   SLIGHTLY DAFFY. (R)
   SONGS OF THE RANGE. (R)
   SONORA STAGECOACH. (R)
   SOUTH AMERICAN SWAY. (R)
   SPINACH PACKIN’ POPEYE. (R)
   STRUGGLE FOR LIFE. (R)
   THE SWOONER CROONER. (R)
   THEIR DIZZY DAY. (R)
   THROWING THE BULL. (R)
   TICK, TOCK, TUCKERED. (R)
   TRIAL BY TRIGGER. (R)
   U.S. COAST GUARD BAND. (R)
   U.S. MARINE ON REVIEW. (R)
   U.S. MERCHANT MARINE CADET BAND. (R)
   UNCERTAIN GLORY. (R)
   THE UTAH KID. (R)
   THE WEAKLY REPORTER. (R)
   WELLS FARGO DAYS. (R)
   WE’RE ON OUR WAY TO RIO. (R)
   WINNER’S CIRCLE. (R)

 United Parcel Service of America, Inc.
   THE CIRCLE OF HONOR.
   ’07 TO THE 70’S: THE STORY OF UPS.
   SKIDS CAN BE CONTROLLED.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.
   THE AQUARIANS.
   BERLIN AFFAIR.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   THE CITY.
   A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER.
   DIAL HOT LINE.
   DO YOU TAKE THIS STRANGER.
   HAUSER’S MEMORY.
   THE INTRUDERS.
   MCCLOUD.
   MARCUS WELBY, M.D.
   THE MEN FROM SHILOH.
   THE MOVIE MURDERER.
   MY SWEET CHARLIE.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.
   THE NEON CEILING.
   NIGHT GALLERY.
   O’HARA, UNITED STATES TREASURY.
   THE OTHER MAN.
   PARIS 7000.
   THE PSYCHIATRIST: GOD BLESS THE CHILDREN.
   RITUAL OF EVIL.
   SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL.
   SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.
   THREE GUNS FOR TEXAS.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Emka.
   SEE Emka.

 Universal City Studios, Inc., Universal Television.
   SEE Universal Television.

 Universal Pictures.
   ABC PIN-UP. (R)
   ARABELLA.
   CAN’T HELP SINGING. (R)
   JUNGLE CAPTIVE. (R)
   THE LONELY PROFESSION.
   MR. CHIMP AT CONEY ISLAND. (R)
   ONE-MAN NEWSPAPER. (R)
   PIGTAIL PILOT. (R)
   SULLIVAN’S EMPIRE.
   UNDER WESTERN SKIES. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   VARGA AND HIS BEAUTIES. (R)
   WHITE TREASURE. (R)
   YOUR NATIONAL GALLERY. (R)

 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
   ABC PIN-UP. (R)
   CAN’T HELP SINGING. (R)
   JUNGLE CAPTIVE. (R)
   MR. CHIMP AT CONEY ISLAND. (R)
   ONE-MAN NEWSPAPER. (R)
   PIGTAIL PILOT. (R)
   UNDER WESTERN SKIES. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   VARGA AND HIS BEAUTIES. (R)
   WHITE TREASURE. (R)
   YOUR NATIONAL GALLERY. (R)

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   DESTINY OF A SPY.
   RUN A CROOKED MILE.

 Universal-Public Arts Productions.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   THE LONELY PROFESSION.

 Universal Television.
   BREAKOUT.
   THE PSYCHIATRIST: GOD BLESS THE CHILDREN.

 University Films.
   FAMILY LIVING SET.
   MEASURING.
   WORDS AND SOUNDS.

 University of Wisconsin. Regents.
   CONVERSATION WITH ROBERT THEOBALD.

 Unusual Films.
   FLAME IN THE WIND.

 Upjohn Co.
   RENAL FACTORS IN BLOOD-PRESSURE REGULATION.


                                   V

 VIP.
   SEE Visual Instruction Productions.

 Valency, Maurice.
   THE MADWOMAN OF CHAILLOT.

 Van Druten, John.
   CABARET.

 Vectia Films, Ltd.
   SUNDAY BLOODY SUNDAY.

 Viacom International, Inc.
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN ELIZA ON THE ICE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE GREEN LINE. (R)

 Video Films, Inc.
   ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITMENT, THE DENVER STORY.

 Videorecord Corp. of America.
   ALL ALONE WITH DADDY.
   ALLIED HEALTH SCIENCES: READING BLOOD PRESSURE.
   ALLIED HEALTH SCIENCES: VENIPUNCTURE.
   ART: HOW TO DRAW--A PRIMER.
   ART: INTRODUCTION TO “WET” WATERCOLOR.
   ART: REALISTIC STILL LIFE.
   BOY WITH A PROBLEM.
   DON’T WORRY DEAR.
   THE HOME GARDENER.
   IMPROVE YOUR KALIMBA PLAYING.
   THE KALIMBA.
   THE KALIMBA: HARMONY.
   THE MAN OF THE HOUSE.
   MY GRANDPA DIED TODAY.
   ONE LITTLE GIRL.
   PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: A LOOK AT BORROWING.
   PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: A LOOK AT BUDGETING.
   PERSONAL FINANCE, WHAT’S IT WORTH TO YOU: NET WORTH.
   THINKING MAN’S GOLF: FUNDAMENTALS.
   THINKING MAN’S GOLF: PLANNING.
   THINKING MAN’S GOLF: THINKING TO WIN.

 VimFim.
   BLONDE OR BRUNETTE.

 Vino, Raymond.
   VAMPS.

 Viscido, Anthony J.
   ENDOSSEOUS BLADE IMPLANTS AS ABUTMENTS FOR FIXED MANDIBULAR FULL-ARCH
      PROSTHESIS.

 Visual Aids Studio.
   MACRAME.

 Visual Instruction Productions.
   METRIC SYSTEM.

 Visual Sciences.
   OPTICAL ILLUSIONS.
   WHAT WATER DOES.

 Vitagraph Corp.
   TICK, TOCK, TUCKERED. (R)

 Vitamin Information Bureau, Inc.
   THE BEGINNING OF LIFE, HOW A BABY DEVELOPS BEFORE BIRTH.

 Vitaphone Corp.
   ANGEL PUSS. (R)
   BIRDIE AND THE BEAST. (R)
   BROTHER BRAT. (R)
   BUCKAROO BUGS. (R)
   BUGS BUNNY & THREE BEARS. (R)
   BUGS BUNNY NIPS THE NIPS. (R)
   DUCK SOUP TO NUTS. (R)
   GOLDILOCKS AND JIVIN’ BEARS. (R)
   HARE FORCE. (R)
   HARE RIBBIN. (R)
   I GOT PLENTY OF MUTTON. (R)
   LOST AND FOUNDLING. (R)
   PLANE DAFFY. (R)
   RUSSIAN RHAPSODY. (R)
   SLIGHTLY DAFFY. (R)
   THE SWOONER CROONER. (R)
   THE WEAKLY REPORTER. (R)


                                   W

 W. B. Productions, Inc.
   THE STORY OF BREAD.

 WETA (Television station) Washington, D.C.
   ROBERTA FLACK.

 WHYY (Television station) Philadelphia.
   BARBARA WEISBERGER.

 WILL (Television station) Urbana, Ill.
   FRANK GALLO.

 W. L. B. Productions.
   BIRDS OF SHORE AND MARSH: THEIR ENVIRONMENT AND FEEDING HABITS.

 WMHT (Television station) Schenectady, N.Y.
   STANKIEWICZ.

 W_{7}.
   SEE Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.

 WTIU (Television station) Bloomington, Ind.
   RUDY POZZATTI.

 Wagonfeld, Samuel.
   REFLECTIONS OF MYSELF: THE ADOLESCENT EXPERIENCE.

 Walker, Barbara.
   PIGS AND PIRATES.

 Wallis (Hal) Productions, Inc.
   THE AFFAIRS OF SUSAN. (R)

 Wallop, Douglass.
   THE GOOD LIFE.

 Warner Bros., Inc.
   CHISUM.
   PERFORMANCE.
   WHICH WAY TO THE FRONT.
   ZEPPELIN.

 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
   ADVENTURES OF MARK TWAIN. (R)
   ALL STAR MELODY MASTER. (R)
   ARSENIC AND OLD LACE. (R)
   BACKYARD GOLF. (R)
   BEES A’BUZZIN’. (R)
   BETWEEN TWO WORLDS. (R)
   BLUENOSE SCHOONER. (R)
   BOB WILLS AND HIS TEXAS PLAYBOYS. (R)
   CATTLEMEN’S DAYS. (R)
   CAVALCADE OF DANCE. (R)
   CHINATOWN CHAMPS. (R)
   COLORADO TROUT. (R)
   THE CONSPIRATORS. (R)
   CRIME BY NIGHT. (R)
   DESERT PLAYGROUND. (R)
   DEVIL BOATS. (R)
   DOGIE ROUND UP. (R)
   FILIPINO SPORTS PARADE. (R)
   JANIE. (R)
   JUNGLE THRILLS. (R)
   JUNIOR JIVE BOMBERS. (R)
   LAST RIDE. (R)
   MAKE YOUR OWN BED. (R)
   MASK OF DIMITRIOS. (R)
   MEXICAN SPORTLAND. (R)
   MR. SKEFFINGTON. (R)
   MUSICAL MOVIELAND. (R)
   NIGHT IN MEXICO CITY. (R)
   ONCE OVER LIGHTLY. (R)
   OUR FRONTIER IN ITALY. (R)
   PROUDLY WE SERVE. (R)
   SHINE ON, HARVEST MOON. (R)
   SKI SHIZZ. (R)
   SONGS OF THE RANGE. (R)
   SOUTH AMERICAN SWAY. (R)
   STRUGGLE FOR LIFE. (R)
   THEIR DIZZY DAY. (R)
   THROWING THE BULL. (R)
   TRIAL BY TRIGGER. (R)
   U.S. COAST GUARD BAND. (R)
   U.S. MARINE ON REVIEW. (R)
   U.S. MERCHANT MARINE CADET BAND. (R)
   UNCERTAIN GLORY. (R)
   WELLS FARGO DAYS. (R)
   WINNER’S CIRCLE. (R)

 Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.
   THE DAMNED (GOETTERDAEMMERUNG).
   THE DOOR.
   FLAMING FRONTIER.
   THE MADWOMAN OF CHAILLOT.
   ONCE YOU KISS A STRANGER.
   2000 YEARS LATER.
   THE WILD BUNCH.

 Warshaw, Michael.
   SMOKE SCREEN.

 Waterman, Robert H.
   SEE Pied Piper.

 Waxman (Philip)/Jerome Minskoff Productions, Inc.
   GLORY BOY.

 Webb, Charles.
   THE MARRIAGE OF A YOUNG STOCKBROKER.

 Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   SEE McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.

 Westheimer, David.
   MY SWEET CHARLIE.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   CLICKS AND MORE CLOCKS.
   HIDE AND SEEK FOG.
   JAMES DAUGHERTY.
   THE OWL AND THE PUSSY-CAT.
   A PICTURE FOR HAROLD’S ROOM.
   PIGS AND PIRATES.
   A STORY A STORY.
   THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS.
   WYNKEN, BLYNKEN AND NOD.

 Weyer, James R.
   SOMEDAY.

 Wheeler Industries, Inc.
   TO DIVE INTO THE SEA.

 Whitney (L. A.) Associates, Inc.
   YOU AND YOUR COMMUNITY BANK.

 Wiley (John) & Sons, Inc.
   THE COLLATOR.
   THE REPRODUCER.
   THE SORTER.

 Wilkins-Freeman, Mary E.
   NIGHT GALLERY.

 Wills Eye Hospital, Philadelphia.
   GLAUCOMA, A SILENT THREAT TO SIGHT.

 Wills Eye Hospital, Philadelphia. Trustees.
   GLAUCOMA, A SILENT THREAT TO SIGHT.

 Wills, James, Estate of.
   SEE Philadelphia. Board of Directors of City Trusts.

 Wilson, Hugh H.
   THE BAGEL REPORT.

 Wilson, Sandy.
   THE BOY FRIEND.

 Winner (Michael), Ltd.
   CHATO’S LAND.

 Wobber, Don.
   THE TOUCHSTONE.

 Wohl Shoe Co.
   PROFESSIONAL SALESMANSHIP.

 Wolper Productions, Inc.
   THE LAST TRIBES OF MINDANAO.
   THE LAST VIKINGS.
   MAN OF THE SERENGETI.

 Wombat Productions, Inc.
   I AM.
   PUSH.
   STYLES.

 Wood, Preston.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Woodford, Protase E.
   ESPANOL: A SENTIRLO.

 World Arts Media (U.K.), Ltd.
   BEWARE MY BRETHREN.

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   BOMBS.
   DEFENSIVE DRIVING.
   DEFENSIVE TACTICS II--SHORT BATON.

 Worth, Richard.
   ALCOHOL: THE SOCIAL DRUG/THE SOCIAL PROBLEM.
   THE FUTURE OF THE FAMILY.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR PARENTS.

 Wrather Corp., Inc.
   LASSIE.

 Wyeth, Andrew N.
   THE STORY OF CAESAR RODNEY.


                                   Y

 Yurtis, Beverly.
   MOTHER.


                                   Z

 Z.S.C.
   SEE Zapel Studios Co.

 Zalar, Gregory M.
   FEBRUARY SNOW.

 Zapel, Owen A.
   SEE Zapel Studios Co.

 Zapel Studios Co.
   BETTER TELEPHONE TECHNIQUES.

 Zee Films, Ltd.
   XY & ZEE.

 Zouary, Maurice H.
   NO MAN’S LAND (HELL ON EARTH).

 Zwart, Gerrit C.
   WHAT WATER DOES.

 Zwart, Gerrit C.
   SEE Visual Sciences.


           ☆ U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1972 O–487–189




              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_
                    Volume 26, Parts 12–13, Number 2




                     Motion Pictures and Filmstrips




                             July-December
                                  1972


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE - THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1973

                           L.C. card 6–-35347

This number identifies the Library of Congress printed card for the
complete series of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.

For sale by the _Superintendent of Documents_, U.S. Government Printing
Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Price of this part is given on page vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual or annual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $50 a year, for periods of one, two, or three
years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates
of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20559.


                         Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part. Some parts also contain registrations made under symbols
other than those listed for the particular part, if the subject matter
or type of material is similar to that generally included in the part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

     F Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
       designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
       those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
       to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
       the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
       domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

     I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI,
       BI)

     O Published works of foreign origin registered under the
       waiver-of-fee provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United
       States Code_). (BIO, GFO)

     P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
       possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

     U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible
       for either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                       _Price per
       semiannual issue_

     Part 1 Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and Contributions to
       Periodicals (In 2 sections) $7.50 A Books BB Contributions to
       periodicals R Renewal registrations

     Part 2 Periodicals (Annual issue) 5.00 B Periodicals R Renewal
       registrations

     Parts 3–4 Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery 2.50 C
       Lectures and other works prepared for oral delivery D Dramatic or
       dramatico-musical works R Renewal registrations

     Part 5 Music (In 2 sections) 7.50 E Musical compositions R Renewal
       registrations

     Part 6 Maps and Atlases 2.50 F Maps R Renewal registrations

                                                                _Price
       per semiannual issue_

     Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art, Scientific
       and Technical Drawings, Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
       Illustrations $2.50 G Works of art and models or designs for
       works of art H Reproductions of works of art I Drawings or
       sculptural works of a scientific or technical character J
       Photographs K Prints and pictorial illustrations R Renewal
       registrations

     Part 11B Commercial Prints and Labels (Annual issue) 5.00 KK
       Commercial prints and labels R Renewal registrations

     Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures and Filmstrips 2.50 L Motion-picture
       photo plays M Motion pictures other than photoplays R Renewal
       registrations




Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $50.00; $12.50
additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Current Registrations   95
                       Renewal Registrations  141
                       Name Index             151




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list published and unpublished motion pictures currently
registered in classes L and M, and filmstrips currently registered in
classes A and J. Films for which the copyright has been renewed are
listed separately in the Renewal Registrations section. The motion
pictures registered include feature pictures, cartoons, industrial
films, classroom films, television films, etc. Many of the recording
scripts made to accompany filmstrips are registered in classes C and D
and are listed in _Parts 3–4: Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral
Delivery_.

Arrangement is by title. Each work is described in a main entry which
includes information pertinent to the copyright claim. References are
made from other titles associated with the films.

The Name Index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing
companies, sponsors, authors, etc. given in the main entries covers both
currently registered works and renewal registrations, the latter being
identified by the symbol (R).

For works currently registered each main entry includes the following
items of information if available and applicable:

 1)  Title.

 2)  Production statement including name of releaser.

 3)  Physical description, including running time or number of reels,
       width of film, etc.

 4)  Series statement.

 5)  Author and title of the published work on which the film is based
       or with which it is correlated.

 6)  Names of individuals or organizations contributing to the
       production of the film.

 7)  Names of principal actors and actresses, generally not more than
       five.

 8)  Names given in the application which do not appear elsewhere in the
       entry.

 9)  Application title if it varies substantially in wording from the
       title as it is given in the work.

 10) Name of the employer in the case of a work made for hire, if so
       named in the application.

 11) Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

 12) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed,
       preceded by the abbreviation NM, if this information is given in
       the application and is not indicated elsewhere in the entry.

 13) Copyright symbol ©.

 14) Name of the copyright claimant.

 15) For published works, date of publication as given in the
       application; for unpublished works, the date on which the last of
       all the items required to complete registration (i.e.,
       description and representative prints in the case of motion
       pictures--or a complete copy of the filmstrip--application, and
       fee) was received in the Copyright Office.

 16) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase, “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © Richard Roe & Co.;
19Jul72 (in notice: 1971); LP41000.

Works deposited in connection with copyright registration may be
selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.

For renewal registrations, the main entry includes the following items
of information if available and applicable:

 1)  Title.

 2)  Length of film in reels.

 3)  Name of the author, which is usually the original producing
       company.

 4)  Copyright symbol ©.

 5)  Date of original copyright.

 6)  Original registration number.

 7)  Name of the renewal claimant followed by a statement usually
       abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal claim as supplied by
       the applicant; e.g., “John Doe & Co. (PWH)” indicates that
       renewal of copyright is claimed by John Doe & Co. as proprietor
       of copyright in a work made for hire.

 8)  Date of receipt of the renewal application or fee, whichever is
       later.

 9)  Renewal registration number.




                    Registrations July-December 1972


 Class L-- Domestic published motion-picture photoplays              454

           Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                10

           Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                       7

 Class M-- Domestic published motion pictures other than
             photoplays                                              478

           Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays          44

 Filmstrips registered in class A                                     62

 Filmstrips registered in class J                                    356

                                                                   -----

                               Total                               1,411

 Renewals: Classes L and M                                           596

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
and filmstrips for July-December 1972, but do not necessarily represent
the exact number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_. Registration figures for other classes of material may be
found in the respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv.            print. privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v.,              vol. volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author




                     MOTION PICTURES AND FILMSTRIPS




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of domestic and foreign motion pictures and
filmstrips registered during the period covered by this issue.
References from variant titles and from distinctive subtitles are
interfiled.


                                   A

ANS, AMERICAN NATIONAL STANDARD, COBOL. IBM Corp, 127 min., sd., color.
Videotape (1/2 in.) © International Business Machines Corp. (a.a.d.o.
IBM Corp.); 15Jun72; MP23299.

ACCIDENT PREVENTION. Hoffmann-La Roche. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Your child’s safety) © Hoffmann-La Roche, Inc.; 29Oct70; MP22907.

ACCIDENT PREVENTION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 106.

ACE HIGH. Crono Cinematografica & San Marco [Italy] Released in the U.S.
by Paramount Pictures Corp. 122 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope.

  Credits: Producers, Bino Cicogna & Giuseppe Colizzi; director &
  screenplay, Giuseppe Colizzi; music, Carlo Rustichelli;
  cinematographer, Marcello Masciocchi; film editor, Marcello
  Malvestito.

  Cast: Eli Wallach, Terence Hill, Bud Spencer, Brock Peters, Kevin
  McCarthy.

  NM: revisions & additional cinematographic material.

  © Crono Cinematografica, S.P.A. & San Marco, S.P.A.; 31Oct68; LF106.

ACHILLES’ HEEL. See

  IRONSIDE.

ACOMA POTTERY MAKING. See

  INDIAN CRAFTS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

ADAM. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

ADAM–12. Mark VII. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd., color,
35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television. © Adam–12
Productions.

  Log no.

  16. Child in danger. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  James Neilson; writer, Robert I. Holt. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent
  McCord, Ronne Troup. © 4Mar71; LP40977.

  25. Indians. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, Oscar
  Rudolph; writer, Robert I. Holt. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord, Bob
  Gravage, Tom Geas, William Boyett. © 28Nov70; LP40995.

  26. Lemras. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, James
  Neilson; writer, William R. Cox. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord,
  Barbara Perry. © 16Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40984.

  35. Easy, bare rider. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  Bruce Kessler; writer, Norman Katkov. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord,
  Sidney Miller, William Boyett, Kerry MacLane. © 26Sep70; LP40988.

  36. Man between. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  James Neilson; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Gary Crosby. Kent
  McCord, Marty Milner. © 4Feb71; LP40973.

  45. Bright boy. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, James
  Neilson; writer, John T. Dugan. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord,
  Stephen Hudis. © 10Oct70; LP40990.

  46. Pilgrimage. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, Oscar
  Rudolph; writer, John T. Dugan. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord,
  Stanley Adams, Ivan Naranjo, Sandi Ego. © 19Dec70; LP40972.

  55. Missing child. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  Chris Nyby; writer, William McGivern. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord.
  © 31Oct70; LP40992.

  56. Vice versa. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, Chris
  Nyby; writer, John T. Dugan. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord, George
  Furth, Marie Windsor, Charles McGraw. © 11Mar71; LP40978.

  65. Cigarettes, cars, and wild, wild women. Credits: Producer, Herman
  S. Saunders; director, Chris Nyby, writer, Norman Katkov. Cast: Marty
  Milner, Kent McCord. © 17Oct70; LP40991.

  66. The vandals. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  Oscar Rudolph; writer, James Doherty. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord,
  Sherry Miles, Robert I. Clarke, William Boyett. © 28Jan71 (in notice;
  1970); LP40986.

  75. Have a nice weekend. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders;
  director, Oscar Rudolph; writer, Robert I. Holt. Cast: Marty Milner,
  Kent McCord, William Boyett, Dorothy Shay, Norma Connelly. © 7Nov70;

  76. The militants. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  Chris Nyby; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord,
  Tim Brown, William Boyett, Ron Pinkard. © 18Feb71; LP40975. LP40993.

  85. Sign of the twins. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders;
  director, Christian Nyby; writer, Wilton Schiller. Cast: Margaret
  O’Brien, Marty Milner, Kent McCord, Buddy Foster, Sheila Bromley. ©
  26Dec70; LP40997.

  86. Reason to run. Credits: Writer, James Doherty. Cast: Marty Milner,
  Kent McCord, Rod Cameron, Randolph Mantooth, Linda Kaye Henning. ©
  1Apr71; LP40980.

  95. Purse snatcher. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  James Neilson; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent
  McCord, Gary Morgan, Ben Cooper. © 3Oct70; LP40989.

  105. Elegy for a pig. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  Chris Nyby; writers, Norman Katkov, James E. Moser, John T. Dugan.
  Cast: Marty Milner, Mark Goddard, Kent McCord. © 21Nov70; LP40994.

  106. Post time. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, Chris
  Nyby; writer, Stephen J. Cannell. Cast: Morey Amsterdam, Marty Milner,
  Kent McCord, E. J. Andre, Woodrow Parfrey. © 18Mar71; LP40979.

  115. Gang war. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, James
  Neilson; writer, John T. Dugan. Cast; Trini Lopez, Marty Milner, Kent
  McCord. © 9Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40983.

  125. Safe Job. Credits: Writer, William McGivers. Cast: Marty Milner,
  Kent McCord, Michael O’Shea, Victoria Meyerink, Tod Starke. © 15Apr71;
  LP40981.

  135. Arson. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, Chris
  Nyby; writer, Howard Dimsdale. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord,
  Richard Van Vleet. © 5Dec70; LP40996.

  155. I.A.D. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director, Chris
  Nyby; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent McCord, Jed
  Allen, Eve Brent. © 21Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40985.

  164. The poachers. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  James Neilson; writer, John Kingsbridge. Cast: Marty Milner, Kent
  McCord, Gary Crosby, Claude Johnson. © 25Feb71; LP40976.

  165. Once a cop. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  Chris Nyby; writer, James Doherty. Cast: Shelley Berman, Marty Milner,
  Kent McCord, Katie O’Pace. © 11Feb71; LP40974.

  174. Loan sharks. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  Bruce Kessler; writer, Michael Donovan. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent
  McCord, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tim Rooney, William Boyett. © 19Sep70;
  LP40987.

  175. Con artists. Credits: Producer, Herman S. Saunders; director,
  James Neilson; writer, Norman Katkov. Cast: Martin Milner, Kent
  McCord. © 2Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP40982.

ADAPTATIONS FOR LIFE. See

  LIFE: A UNIQUE PHENOMENON.

ADMINISTRATION OF EYE DROPS AND EYE OINTMENTS. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS TO INFANTS AND CHILDREN. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 103.

ADVENTURE IV. See

  AN APPEAL TO GREATNESS.

  COUNTDOWN TO GREATNESS.

  A NOT SO IMPOSSIBLE DREAM.

  PORTRAIT OF A LEADER.

  UNDERSTANDING PEOPLE--AND ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE.

ADVENTURE OF A LITTLE SKUNK. See

  ANIMAL FABLES.

AEROBATICS. See

  SPORTS.

AGAINST A COLD, BLANK WALL. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

AGRICULTURE, FISHING AND MANUFACTURING. See

  SEEING THE PACIFIC ISLANDS.

AIDS AND INNOVATIONS FOR ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY. Deca Productions. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Writer & narrator, Garth Chandler.

  Appl. author: William X. Halloran.

  © William X. Halloran d.b.a. Deca Co. (in notice: Deca Productions);
  4Aug72; MU8471.

AIR CARGO SERVICE. See

  AIRPORT SERVICE.

AIR PASSENGER SERVICE. See

  AIRPORT SERVICE.

AIR POLLUTION. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.

  POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.

AIR SAFETY. See

  AIRPORT SERVICE.

AIRPORT SERVICE (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: The metropolitan airport. 42 fr.--Air passenger service. 36
  fr.--Air cargo service. 39 fr.--Air safety. 41 fr.--Airport workers.
  41 fr.--The community airport. 37 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Rosemary Luxton; script, Carol Hayakawa & Rozelle
  Noulis; photographers, John Morrill & Hal Smith.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 24Oct68; JP14590, 14592–14593, 14589–14588,
  14591.

AIRPORT WORKERS. See

  AIRPORT SERVICE.

ALCOHOL. See

  FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.

ALCOHOLISM: A MODEL OF DRUG DEPENDENCY. CRM Productions.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Life and health films) ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Sep72; MP23204.

ALFRED EISENSTAEDT, PHOTOGRAPHER. See

  CONVERSATION.

ALGAE, FUNGI AND LICHENS. See

  PLANT CLASSIFICATION.

ALIEN. See

  THE GROUNDSTAR CONSPIRACY.

ALL HAMS ON DECK. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Sid Marcus; animators, Les
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Dal McKennon & Grace
  Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 9Nov70; LP41263.

ALL THE WORLD AND GOD. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

ALLERGIC PHOTOCONTACT DERMATITIS. See

  INDICATIONS FOR PHOTOPATCH TESTING.

  PHOTOPATCH TESTING AS AN OFFICE PROCEDURE.

THE ALPHABET CITY (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With guide, 8 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–4: A to G. 35 fr.--H to M. 31 fr.--N to T. 35 fr.--U
  to Z. 30 fr.

  Credits: Producers, Steven Kess & Edward Dubrowsky.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 24Sep70; A375458.

ALTERNATING CURRENT AND POWER DISTRIBUTION. See

  ELECTRICAL SERVICE AND APPLIANCE REPAIR.

AMERICAN FAMILIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made by Bill
Boal Productions. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: The Garcias. 50 fr.--The Wangs. 47 fr.--The DeStefanos. 46
  fr.--The Taylors. 44 fr.--The Jacksons. 50 fr.--The Mandels. 44 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Beryl L. Bailey; writer & director,
  Bill Boal; photographers, Charles Slavens & Bill Boal.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 7Jul72;
  JP14303.

THE AMERICAN INDIAN INFLUENCE ON THE UNITED STATES. Dana Productions. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Albert Saparoff.

  Cast: Narrator, Barry Sullivan.

  Appl. author: Albert Saparoff d.b.a. Dana Productions.

  © Dana Productions; 1Sep72; MP23128.

AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST (Filmstrip) Coronet
Instructional Films. Made by Reel Communications. 6 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. with guide, 10 p.

  Contents: Lands and tribes, 53 fr.--How they lived. 52 fr.--Arts and
  crafts. 54 fr.--Myths and ceremonies. 52 fr.--How they changed. 50
  fr.--Their life today. 50 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Wayne Suttles; script, Susan C.
  Shadburne; photography, Richard C. Blakeslee & Roger D. Anderson;
  production, Tom R. Chamberlin.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Apr72;
  JP14305.

AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional
Films. Made by Bill Boal Productions. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
guide, 10 p.

  Contents: Who they are. 46 fr.--Their history. 48 fr.--How they lived.
  48 fr.--Their religions. 50 fr.--Their handicrafts. 46 fr.--Their life
  today. 50 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Elden Johnson; photographer,
  Spotted Eagle; artists, Richard Erdoes & Jerry Lynas; writer-director,
  Bill Boal.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Apr72;
  JP14304.

THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN. ABC Sports. Approx. 59 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © ABC Sports, Inc. 1972, show no.

  1. © 5Dec71; MP22910.

THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN. ABC Sports. Approx. 29 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © ABC Sports, Inc. 1972, show no.

  10. © 5Mar72; MP22908.

  11. Appl. states prev. reg. 20Feb70; MP20477. NM: additions. ©
  13Mar72; MP22909.

AMESLAN--AN INTRODUCTION TO AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE. Chap.1–14. Louie J.
Fant, Jr. & John Joyce. 14 motion pictures (5 min. each), si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film.

  Credits: Director, Louie Fant.

  © Louie J. Fant, Jr. & John Joyce; 1Aug72; MP23176–23189.

AMID SPLINTERS OF THE THUNDERBOLT. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

ANATOMICAL BASIS OF BRAIN FUNCTION. See

  MOVEMENTS OF THE JAW & THROAT: BRANCHIAL MOTOR SYSTEM.

  VISCERAL REFLEXES AND TASTE: VISCERAL MOTOR AND SENSORY COMPONENTS.

ANATOMY AND PHYSIOLOGY. See

  THE URINARY TRACT.

ANATOMY AND PHYSIOLOGY OF THE HUMAN SKIN. See

  PRODUCT SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION: DERMATOLOGY.

AND EDDIE MAKES THREE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

AND THEN THERE WAS ONE. See

  IRONSIDE.

ANGIE. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X327A-X327F: What is classification? 46 fr.--Sponges,
  sac-animals & animals with spiny skins. 47 fr.--Worms. 42 fr.--Animals
  with shells. 27 fr.--Animals with jointed parts. 49 fr.--Animals with
  backbones. 63 fr.

  Credits: General editor, John E. Klimas.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14525.

ANIMAL FABLES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: Adventure of a little skunk. 34 fr.--Trial of the fox. 36
  fr.--The hare and the tortoise. 28 fr.--How the squirrel saved the
  grapes. 36 fr.--Glasses for a raccoon child. 36 fr.--The squirrel and
  his friends. 36 fr.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 12Apr72;
  JP14309.

THE ANIMALS ARE CRYING. PMS Films. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © PMS
Films, Inc.; 10Nov71; MP23325.

ANIMALS WITH BACKBONES. See

  ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.

ANIMALS WITH JOINTED PARTS. See

  ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.

ANIMALS WITH SHELLS. See

  ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.

ANXIETIES OF CHILDREN. See

  CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT SERIES.

ANY FRIEND OF DAD’S. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

ANYONE CAN SEW STRETCH FABRICS. See

  MAKE YOUR OWN BIKINI.

  MAKE YOUR OWN DOUBLE-KNIT PANTS.

  MAKE YOUR OWN KNIT T-SHIRT.

APOCALYPSE. Augsburg Pub. House. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Credits:
Producer, Robert G. Konzelman.

  Appl. author: Augsburg Pub. House, employer for hire.

  © Augsburg Pub. House; 18Nov71 (in notice: 1972); MP23014.

AN APPEAL TO GREATNESS. Pt. 1: A question of attitude. Glenn W. Turner
Enterprises. 1 reel, sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Adventure IV) Loop film. ©
Turner Enterprises a.a.d.o. Glenn W. Turner Enterprises, Inc.; 31Oct71;
MP23233.

AN APPEAL TO GREATNESS. Pt. 2: A corporate trust. Glenn W. Turner
Enterprises. 1 reel, sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Adventure IV) Loop film. ©
Turner Enterprises a.a.d.o. Glenn W. Turner Enterprises, Inc.; 17Dec71;
MP23234.

APPLICATION OF EYE COMPRESSES. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

APPLICATION OF EYE PADS AND EYE SHIELDS. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

APPLICATION OF THE PROCESS OF SCIENTIFIC OBSERVATION TO PATIENT
SITUATIONS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 25.

APPROACHES TO LEARNING. See

  ASSOCIATION AND GENERALIZATION.

  BASIC VISUAL PERCEPTIONS: COLOR, FORM, SIZE.

  BODY AWARENESS AND GROSS MOTOR ABILITIES.

  DEVELOPING CONCEPTS FOR NUMBER.

  DEVELOPING CONCEPTS FOR SETS.

  EYE-HAND COORDINATION.

  FIGURE-GROUND DISCRIMINATION.

  MEMORY: AUDITORY AND VISUAL.

  ORGANIZATION.

  PERCEPTION OF PARTS-TO-WHOLE RELATIONSHIPS.

  PERCEPTION OF SEQUENCE.

  PERCEPTION OF SOUND.

  PERCEPTION OF SPATIAL RELATIONSHIPS.

  PRE-WRITING PENCIL AND PAPER SKILLS.

ARMANDO AND THE POOL TABLE. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 72.

ARRANGING FURNITURE. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

ARSON. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 135.

ART AND RECREATION IN JAPAN. See

  JAPAN.

ART APPRECIATION: ENJOYING PAINTINGS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 28Apr72; MP23275.

ARTE JOHNSON, ACTOR. See

  CONVERSATION.

ARTISTS IN AMERICA. See

  ROBERT ERICKSON.

ARTS AND CRAFTS. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

ASSASSIN. See

  DAN AUGUST.

ASSEMBLER LANGUAGE CODING. International Business Machines Corp. 17
motion pictures (1 reel each), sd. Videotape (1/2 in.) © International
Business Machines Corp. a.k.a. IBM Corp.; 12May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP22992.

ASSEMBLING A CAR. See

  HOW THINGS ARE MADE.

ASSESSMENT OF GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 99.

ASSISTANT PRODUCTION MANAGER. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.

ASSOCIATION AND GENERALIZATION (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 67 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching
Resources Corp.; 10Jul72; A378944.

AT THE HOME OF THE SUN BEARER. See

  A VISIT TO THE FATHER.

ATMOSPHERIC RESOURCES. See

  [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]

AUDIOVISUAL LECTURES IN BIOLOGY (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 2
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Population genetics. 23 fr.--Bioenergetics. 26 fr.

  Credits: By Claude A. Villee. © W. B. Saunders Co. (in notice: W. B.
  Saunders); 2Aug72; JP14174.

AUDREY MEADOWS EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY. See

  COOLING SYSTEM SERVICE.

  ROUGHING AND ALIGNMENT.

  VALVE SERVICE: DISASSEMBLY AND INSPECTION PROCEDURES.

  VALVE SERVICE: FACING AND ROCKER ARM SERVICE.

  VALVE SERVICE: SEATING & ASSEMBLY PROCEDURES.

AUTUMN COMES TO THE FOREST. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 21Apr72; MP23277.


                                   B

B. F. SKINNER ON COUNSELING. American Personnel & Guidance Assn. 1 reel,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Distinguished contributors to counseling series)
© American Personnel & Guidance Assn.; 1Jul72; MP23118.

B. F. SKINNER ON EDUCATION. Pt. 1–2. American Personnel & Guidance Assn.
2 motion pictures (25 min. each), sd., color, 16 mm. (The Distinguished
contributors to counseling series) © American Personnel & Guidance
Assn.; 1Jul72; MP23119–23120.

BAD COMPANY. Jaffilms. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 95 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Stanley D. Jaffe; director, Robert Benton; writers,
  David Newman & Robert Benton; music composed & played by Harvey
  Schmidt; director of photography, Gordon Willis; editor, Ralph
  Rosenblum.

  Cast: Jeff Bridges, Barry Brown, Jim Davis, David Huddleston, John
  Savage.

  © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Jaffilms, Inc.; 8Sep72; LP41233.

BAJA. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

BANTU (Filmstrip) International Child Evangelism Fellowship. 37 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Tales of jungle children) A Martsegis cartoon production.
© Child Evangelism Fellowship, Inc. (in notice: International Child
Evangelism Fellowship, Inc.); 15Jun56; JP14603.

BAPTIST ROLE IN EUROPE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 52 fr., color, 35 mm.
With guide, 1 v. Produced with the Foreign Mission Board. © Broadman
Films; 18Apr72; A355843.

BARBARA WALTERS. See

  CONVERSATION.

BASIC ATOMIC ABSORPTION (Filmstrip) Communication Skills Corp. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Program 3001–3004: Principles of atomic absorption. 36
  fr.--Instrumental requirements. 46 fr.--Optimizing instrument
  conditions. 36 fr.--Sample preparation and special sampling
  techniques. 56 fr.

  Credits: Writer, James W. Robinson.

  © Communication Skills Corp.; 15Feb72, JP14163, 14161; 1May72,
  JP14162; 25May72, JP14159.

BASIC LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY, PROGRAM 4001. See

  INTRODUCTION: RELATIONSHIPS AND THEORY.

BASIC MASS SPECTROMETRY, PROGRAM 5001. See

  INTRODUCTION TO MASS SPECTROMETRY AND INSTRUMENTATION.

BASIC OFFICE MACHINES. See

  BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.

BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction.
Made by Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X330A-X330F: The working world of a secretary. 51
  fr.--Memos, mail and the telephone. 63 fr.--Filing and basic office
  systems. 56 fr.--Basic office machines. 52 fr.--Helping your boss get
  more done. 55 fr.--Dealing with people. 48 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, John Hopkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14278.

BASIC PRINCIPLES OF SUPERVISORY MANAGEMENT. See

  COMMUNICATION.

  CONTROLLING--KEEPING PLANS ON TARGET.

  THE DECISION MAKING PROCESS.

  MOTIVATION--THE TEST OF LEADERSHIP.

  THE NATURE OF MANAGEMENT.

  ORGANIZING--STRUCTURING THE WORK OF THE PLAN.

  PLANNING--THE FUTURE’S FIRST STEPS.

  STANDARDS AND APPRAISAL--AIDS TO CONTROL.

BASIC VISUAL PERCEPTIONS: COLOR, FORM, SIZE (Filmstrip) Teaching
Resources. 86 fr., color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16
p. © Teaching Resources Corp.; 24Apr72; A378940.

BASKETBALL--PRESSURE TEAM DEFENSE. Coca-Cola Co. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Coca-Cola Co.; 15Nov72; MP23302.

THE BEAR FAMILY. Walt Disney Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Nature’s living album) © Walt Disney Productions; 7Apr70 (in notice:
1969); MP23155.

THE BEASTS OF BURDEN FAMILY. Walt Disney Productions. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Nature’s living album) © Walt Disney Productions;
26May70; MP23156.

BEGINNING MATHEMATICS. See

  COUNTING, BASE, AND PLACE VALUE. MULTIPLICATION.

BEN. Bing Crosby Productions. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 95
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on characters created by Stephen Gilbert.

  Credits: Producer, Mort Briskin; director, Phil Karlson; screenplay,
  Gilbert A. Ralston; music, Walter Scharf; director of photography,
  Russell Metty; film editor, Harry Gerstad.

  Cast: Lee Harcourt Montgomery, Joseph Campanella, Arthur O’Connell,
  Rosemary Murphy, Meredith Baxter.

  © Bing Crosby Productions, Inc.; 7Jun72; LP41093.

[BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Beneficial Corp. Approx. 30
sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corp.

  Holiday pledge. BLLL 2043. © 27Oct72; MP23199.

BENISONE GEL. See

  PRODUCT SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION: DERMATOLOGY.

BERTRILLE AND THE SILENT FLICKS. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 67.

BET. See

  HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.

BEYOND DISASTER. Central & Southern Florida Flood Control District. Made
by Key Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Writer, Richard P. Busch; narrator, John Corrigan; director
  of photography, Dave Englund.

  Cast: Jerry Akin, John Scheffler, James Montgomery, Parker Wilson, W.
  W. Sage.

  © Central & Southern Florida Flood Control District; 21Nov72; MP23323.

BICYCLE THEFT. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

BIG AND LITTLE. See

  DID YOU KNOW.

THE BIG BET. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

BIG GAME. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 57.

BIG JEFF’S CASEFILE. See

  COUNTERFEIT, STOLEN, & ALTERED CHECKS.

  COURTESY CARDS & BANKAMERICARDS.

  CROOKS ARE USUALLY STRANGERS, BUT.

  IDENTIFICATION.

  LESS-CASH TRANSACTIONS.

  NEW ACCOUNTS.

  SIGNATURES.

BIG SISTER AND THE LEMON. See

  THE PRICE IS RIGHT--OR IS IT.

BIGHORN. Wild Dog Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Written, narrated, filmed & edited by Marty Stouffer.

  © Marty Stouffer d.b.a. Wild Dog Films; 1Sep72; MP23370.

BILINGUAL STORIES, SERIES 1. See

  EVEN YELLOW CARS HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE.

  THE MAGICAL COQUI (EL COQUI MAGICO)

  PACO AND HIS PAINTING PALS.

  TOO, TOO, TOO HOT.

BILL BIXBY & BRANDON CRUZ AT THE BUDAPEST CIRCUS FESTIVAL. Edumat. 51
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Edumat, Inc.; 7Feb72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23153.

BILLY. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

BIOENERGETICS. See

  AUDIOVISUAL LECTURES IN BIOLOGY.

BIOLOGY TODAY FILMS. See

  THE CELL: A FUNCTIONING STRUCTURE.

  EVOLUTION AND THE ORIGIN OF LIFE.

  MUSCLE.

A BIRD OF PREY: THE RED-TAILED HAWK. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 30May72; MP23068.

THE BIRD WHO IS A CLOWN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 9
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
2Jun72; MP23067.

BIRTHDAYS ARE BEGINNINGS (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 17 fr.,
color, 35 mm. With sound recording (separately reg. as N2492 and Things
that show us God, teachers kit, red 2^l, no. 32–2049, (separately reg.
as A380113)

  Credits: Script, Ruth Hummel; photographer, Wayne Schiska.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14460.

THE BISCUIT EATER. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena Vista
Distribution Co. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story by James
Street.

  Credits: Producer, Bill Anderson; director, Vincent McEveety;
  screenplay, Lawrence Edward Watkin; music, Robert F. Brunner; director
  of photography, Richard A. Kelley; film editor, Ray de Leuw.

  © Walt Disney Productions; 15Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP41016.

BLACK BEAUTY. Tigon British Film Productions & Chilton Film & Television
Enterprises [England] Released in the U.S. by Paramount Pictures Corp.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the novel by Anna Sewell.

  Credits: Producers, Peter L. Andrews & Malcolm B. Heyworth; director,
  James Hill; screenplay, Wolf Mankowitz; theme music, Lionel Bart;
  director of photography, Chris Menges; editor, Ann Chegwidden.

  Cast: Mark Lester, Walter Slezak, Ursula Glass, Peter Lee Lawrence,
  John Nettleton.

  © Tigon British Film Productions, Ltd. & Chilton Film & Television
  Enterprises, Ltd.; 4Apr71; LF102.

THE BLACK BELLY OF THE TARANTULA. Da. Ma. Productions & Productions
Artistiques Cinematographiques. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 89
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Marcello Danon; director, Paolo Cavara; screenplay,
  Lucile Laks; music, Ennio Morricone; director of photography, Marcello
  Gatti; editor, Mario Morra.

  Cast: Giancarlo Giannini, Claudine Auger, Barbara Bouchet, Rossella
  Falk, Silvano Tranquilli.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 20Sep72; MP41065.

BLACK RODEO. Utopia Productions. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 88
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with American Black
Cowboys Assn.

  Credits: Producer, director & film editor, Jeff Kanew; music, Sammy
  Turner.

  Cast: Gordon Hayes, Nat Purefoy, Muhammad Ali, Woody Strode, Bud
  Bramwell.

  © Utopia Productions, Inc.; 2Apr72; LP41177.

BLARNEY STONE GIRL. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

BLIND HUNCH. See

  BONANZA.

BLINDMAN. ABKCO Films. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 105
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. From an original story by Tony
Anthony.

  Credits: Screenplay, Vincenzo Cerami, Piero Anchisi & Tony Anthony.

  © ABKCO Films, Inc.; 15Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP41085.

THE BLUE ANGEL’S MOVIE. Paul Marlow & David Gardner. 57,500 ft., sd.,
b&w. © Paul Marlow & David Gardner; 5May72; LU3636.

THE BLUE COLLAR TRAP. See

  NBC WHITE PAPER.

BLUEBEARD. Vulcan Films Handels. 125 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Alexander Salkind; director, Edward Dmytryk;
  original story & screenplay, Ennio Di Concini, Edward Dmytryk & Maria
  Pia Fusco; music, Ennio Morricone, director of photography, Gabor
  Pogany; film editor, Jean Ravel.

  Cast: Richard Burton, Raquel Welch, Joey Heatherton, Virna Lisi.

  © Vulcan Films Handels, A.G.; 16Aug72; LP41327.

BOAT. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

BODY AWARENESS AND GROSS MOTOR ABILITIES (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources.
72 fr., color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. ©
Teaching Resources Corp.; 24Apr72; A378947.

BONANZA. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  Blind hunch. © 27Oct71; LP41214.

  Bushwacked. © 17Sep71; LP41210.

  Cassie. © 27Aug71; LP41208.

  The customs of the country. © 11Jan72; LP41224.

  Don’t cry, my son. © 1Oct71; LP41212.

  Easy come, easy go. © 29Nov71; LP41219.

  Face of fear. © 3Nov71; LP41215.

  Fallen woman. © 19Aug71; LP41206.

  Frenzy. © 4Jan72; LP41223.

  The grand swing. © 27Aug71; LP41209.

  He was only seven. © 24Feb72; LP41229.

  A home for Jamie. © 22Nov71; LP41217.

  The iron butterfly. © 13Oct71; LP41213.

  The lonely man. © 15Dec71; LP41220.

  One ace too many. © 25Feb72; LP41230.

  A place to hide. © 1Mar72; LP41231.

  The prisoners. © 24Sep71; LP41211.

  The rattlesnake brigade. © 19Nov71; LP41216.

  Rock-a-bye Hoss. © 20Aug71; LP41207.

  The saddle stiff. © 27Dec71; LP41222.

  Search in limbo. © 19Jan72; LP41225.

  Second sight. © 17Dec71; LP41221.

  Shanklin. © 27Jan72; LP41226.

  A visit to Upright. © 15Feb72; LP41228.

  War bonnet. © 26Nov71; LP41218.

  The Younger brothers’ younger brother. © 3Feb72; LP41227.

BONE. Larco Productions, Released by Jack H. Harris Enterprises. 96
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Larry Cohen Co.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Larry Cohen; co-producer,
  Janelle Cohen; music composer & conductor, Gil Melle; cinematographer
  & editor, George Folsey, Jr.

  Cast: Yaphet Kotto, Andrew Duggan, Joyce Van Patten, Jeannie Berlin,
  Casey King.

  © Larco Productions, Inc.; 15May72; LP41059.

BOO BOO GANG. See

  SITUATIONAL LANGUAGE.

BOOBYTRAP! Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. 28 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; 13Sep72; MP23092.

BOOKBINDING. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.

BORROWED FRIENDSHIP. See

  LEARNING ABOUT ME.

BOXCAR BERTHA. American International Productions. 92 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Based on characters contained in Sister of the road, the
autobiography of Boxcar Bertha Thompson as told to Ben L. Reitman.

  Cast: Barbara Hershey, Bernie Casey, David Carradine, Barry Primus,
  John Carradine.

  © American International Productions; 14Jun72; LP41011.

THE BOY WHO CHALLENGED THE STARS: A GREEK MYTH (Filmstrip) Guidance
Associates of Pleasantville, New York. 58 fr., color. 35 mm. With
Discussion guide, 38 p.

  Credits: Writer & illustrator, Consuelo Joerns; editor, Anne Mitchell.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Adele Maucker (discussion guide) & Consuelo Joerns.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 8Mar72; A373556.

BRAVE AT NATCHANOOMI. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

BREAKTHROUGH. Huck Manufacturing Co. Made by Boulevard Communication
Group. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Huck Manufacturing Co.; 14Dec72;
MU8503.

BRETT WESTON: PHOTOGRAPHER. Arthur E. Wright. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Narrative, Brett Weston & Beaumont Newhall.

  © Arthur E. Wright; 14Feb72; MP22984.

BRIDGES. See

  HOW TO BUILD THINGS.

BRIGHT BOY. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 45.

THE BROTHERHOOD OF THE BELL. Cinema Center Films. 120 min., sd., color.
Videotape (2 in.)

  Credits: Producer & writer, David Karp; director, Paul Wendkos; music,
  Jerry Goldsmith; director of photography, Robert B. Hauser; film
  editor, Carroll Sax.

  Cast: Glenn Ford, Rosemary Forsyth, Dean Jagger, Maurice Evans, Will
  Geer.

  © Cinema Center Films; 13Sep70; LP41031.

BROWSING FOR BOOKS. See

  USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.

BUBBLE, BUBBLE, TOIL AND MURDER. See

  IRONSIDE.

BUDGETING’S FOR THE BIRDS. Royal Bank of Canada. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Your money matters)

  Credits: Producer & director, Roy Korst; writer, Bruce Martin; music,
  Howard Shore; camera, Fred Guthe; stills, Paul Appelby; editor,
  Havelock Gradidge.

  Cast: Robert Ivan McKenna, Gayle Chernin.

  © Royal Bank of Canada; 21Aug72; MU8487.

BULLET FOR A HERO. See

  DAN AUGUST.

BULLY FOR YOU. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

THE BUNGLING BUILDER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Beary family cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Virgil
  Ross & others; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford & Paul
  Frees.

  © Universal Pictures; 2Aug71 (in notice: 1970); LP41260.

BURGLAR. See

  THE BURGLARS.

  LE CASSE.

THE BURGLARS. Columbia Films & Vides Cinematografica. Released by
Columbia Pictures. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the
novel The burglar, by David Goodis.

  Credits: Producer & director, Henri Verneuil; screenplay, Henri
  Verneuil & Vahe Katcha; music, Ennio Morricone; director of
  photography, Claude Renoir; editors, Pierre Gillette & Andree Werlin.

  Cast: Omar Sharif, Jean-Paul Belmondo, Dyan Cannon, Robert Hossein,
  Nicole Calfan.

  NM: revision, abridgment & additional cinematographic material.

  © Columbia Films, S.A.; 14Jun72 (in notice: 1971); LP41418.

BUSHWACKED. See

  BONANZA.

BUSINESS, BEHAVIORISM AND THE BOTTOM LINE.
Communications/Research/Machines. Made by CRM Productions. 22 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Psychology today films)

  Cast: B. F. Skinner.

  © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jul72; MP23049.

BUSINESS TRIP. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

BUSTER’S LAST STAND. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dale Hale; animators, Les
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Daws Butler & Grace
  Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 1Oct70; LP41262.

BUT IT ISN’T YOURS (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 63
fr.; pt. 2, 56 fr.), color, 35 mm. (First things) With Discussion guide,
60 p.

  Credits: Writer, Thomas Glynn; consultants, Lawrence Kohlberg & Robert
  Selman; photographers, Sebastian Milito & Jeffrey Foxx; editor, Jere
  Kupecky.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Robert Selman (discussion guide) & Thomas Glynn.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 28Jun72; A350110.

BUT WHEN SHE WAS BAD. See

  IRONSIDE.

BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID. See

  THE MAKING OF BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID.

BUTTONS AND THINGS. See

  READING WITH RIDDLES.

BUYING GOODS AND SERVICES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.


                                   C

CBS NEWS SPECIAL. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each
unless otherwise indicated, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.

  A day in the life of the United States 105 min. Telecast: Sept. 8,
  1970. Credits: Writer, Perry Wolff; correspondent, Charles Kuralt. ©
  7Sep70; MP23020.

  Fathers and sons. Telecast: Aug. 12, 1969. Credits: Producer & writer,
  Harry Morgan; reporters, Charles Kuralt & John Laurence. © 11Aug69;
  MP23017.

  Mothers and daughters. Telecast: Aug. 19, 1969. Credits: Producer,
  Bernard Birnbaum; correspondents, Charles Kuralt, John Laurence,
  Morley Safer. © 18Aug69; MP23053.

CBS REPORTS. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  The selling of the Pentagon. Telecast: Feb. 23, 1971. Credits:
  Producer & writer, Peter Davis; reporter, Roger Mudd. © 22Feb71;
  MP23152.

  A timetable for Vietnam. Telecast: Dec. 2, 1969. Credits: Producers,
  Ernest Leiser & Bernard Birnbaum; reporter, Charles Collingwood. ©
  1Dec69; MP23018.

THE CI NO-HUB SANITARY SYSTEM: HOW IT CAN HELP YOU. Murray Corp. & Cast
Iron Soil Pipe Institute. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
association with Foster & Green Advertising.

  Credits: Host, Bill Burgemeister.

  Appl. ti.: The cast iron no-hub sanitary system, and how it can help
  you.

  © Murray Corp.; 18May72; MP22985.

C. P. (CHAPPIE) FOX, DIRECTOR, CIRCUS WORLD MUSEUM. See

  CONVERSATION.

CALIFORNIA’S COAST, THE SUNSET SHORE. Sierra Club. Made by Dawson
Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Sierra Club; 22Oct72; MP23263.

CAMERA BUG. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Co. © United
Artists Corp.; 6Aug72; LP41097.

CANADA: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X339–A--X339–D: What is Canada? 54 fr.--Land, features and
  cities. 63 fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry. 49 fr.--Life in
  Canada. 49 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14470.

THE CANDID COMMERCIAL. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 78.

THE CANDIDATE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

CANDLING. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

CANNON. QM Productions. 110 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
association with Columbia Broadcasting System.

  Credits: Teleplay, Edward Hume.

  © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Mar71; LP41178.

CAPTAIN APACHE. Scotia International. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the novel by S. E. Whitman.

  Credits: Producers, Milton Sperling & Philip Yordan; director,
  Alexander Singer; screenplay, Philip Yordan & Milton Sperling; music,
  Dolores Claman; director of photography, John Cabrera; editor, Leigh
  G. Tallas.

  Cast: Lee Van Cleef, Carroll Baker, Stuart Whitman, Percy Herbert,
  Elisa Montes.

  © Scotial [i.e. Scotia] International Film Distributors, Ltd.;
  10Oct71; LP40969.

CAPTAIN JAMES LOVELL, ASTRONAUT. See

  CONVERSATION.

CARBON. Morgan Crucible Co. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Production
consultants, Anthony Gilkison Associates.

  Credits: Sound, Oskar Sala.

  © Morgan Crucible Co., Ltd.; 5Mar68; MP22974.

CAREER DISCOVERIES. See

  PEOPLE WHO HELP OTHERS.

  PEOPLE WHO WORK IN SCIENCE.

CARL AND HIS KOOKY CAP. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

CAROLINE BIRD, AUTHOR. See

  CONVERSATION.

A CASE FOR THE PURPLE ELEPHANT. See

  DISCOVERY STORIES.

LE CASSE. Columbia Films & Vides Cinematografica. [France] Released by
Columbia Films. 120 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Tire du roman
The burglar, de David Goodis.

  Credits: Producer & director, Henri Verneuil; screenplay, Vahe Katcha
  & Henri Verneuil; music, Ennio Morricone; photographer, Claude Renoir;
  editor, Pierre Gillette.

  Cast: Jean-Paul Belmondo, Omar Sharif, Dyan Cannon, Robert Hossein,
  Nicole Calfan.

  © Columbia Films, S.A.; 27Oct71; LF105.

CASSIE. See

  BONANZA.

CAST IRON NO-HUB SANITARY SYSTEM, AND HOW IT CAN HELP YOU. See

  THE CI NO-HUB SANITARY SYSTEM: HOW IT CAN HELP YOU.

THE CATALOG: KEY TO THE LIBRARY. See

  USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.

CATALOG REFERRAL SALES TRAINING PROGRAM. See

  NEVER SAY NO, SAY CATALOG.

CATHETERIZATION USING A FOLEY CATHETER. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 108.

THE CELL: A FUNCTIONING STRUCTURE. Pt. 1–2.
Communications/Research/Machines. Made by CRM Productions. 2 motion
pictures (approx. 30 min. each), sd., color, 16 mm. (Biology today
films) NM: compilation & additions. © Communications/Research/Machines,
Inc.; 1Jul72; MP23044–23045.

THE CERAMIC MURAL. Walt Disney Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: Norman Wright Productions, Inc., employer for hire. © Walt
Disney Productions; 13Mar68 (in notice: 1967); MP23161.

CHAD EVERETT, CASS ELLIOT EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

CHALLENGE. ABC Sports. Approx. 59 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © ABC
Sports, Inc.

  1972, show no.

  1. © 22Mar72; MP22912.

  2. © 3Apr72; MP22913.

THE CHAMPAGNE MURDERS. Universal Productions France. Released by
Universal Pictures. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. From an
original story by William Benjamin.

  Credits: Producer, Raymond Eger; director, Claude Chabrol; screenplay,
  Claude Brule & Derek Prouse; music director, Andre Jouve; director of
  photography, Jean Rabier; film editor, Jacques Gaillard.

  Cast: Maurice Ronet, Yvonne Furneaux, Stephane Audran, Annie Vidal,
  Henry Jones.

  © Universal Productions France, S.A.R.L.; 30Mar68 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41197.

CHANGO, GUARDIAN OF THE MAYAN TREASURE. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

CHARACTERS IN CONFLICT. Centron Educational Films. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 10Nov72; MP23240.

CHARGE, SAID MR. CROSS. Royal Bank of Canada. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Your money matters)

  Credits: Producer & director, Roy Korst; writer, Bruce Martin; music,
  Howard Shore; camera, Fred Guthe; stills, Paul Appelby; editor,
  Havelock Gradidge.

  Cast: Sydney Brown, Alice Hill, Jan Chamberlain.

  © Royal Bank of Canada; 21Aug72; MU8490.

CHARLES. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

[CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Pfizer, Inc. Approx. 30 sec.
each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.

  Baja. © 2May72; MP23205.

  Sanitary. © 31Jul72; MP23206.

CHARLIE BUBBLES. Universal Pictures & Memorial Enterprises. Released by
Regional Film Distributors. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Michael Medwin; director, Albert Finney;
  screenplay, Shelagh Delaney; music composer & conductor, Misha Donat;
  director of photography, Peter Suschitzky; editor, Fergus McDonell.

  Cast: Albert Finney, Colin Blakeley, Billie Whitelaw, Liza Minnelli,
  Richard Pearson.

  © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 30Mar68 (in notice: 1967); LP41196.

CHARLIE CROWFOOT AND THE COATI MUNDI. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

CHARLIE IN HOT WATER. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Beary family cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Lee
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford & Paul
  Frees.

  © Universal Pictures; 5Jan70; LP41264.

CHARLIE’S GOLF CLASSIC. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.
(A Walter Lantz Beary family cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; Story, Cal Howard; animators, Les
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford & Paul
  Frees.

  © Universal Pictures; 11May70; LP41265.

CHARTING. Training & Development Division, Westinghouse Learning Corp.
30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for problem solving and decision
making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.; 20Oct71; MP23364.

CHEETAH. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Producers & photographers, Peter & Jane Chermayeff.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 1Jun72 (in notice:
  1971); MP23064.

[CHET ATKINS GUITAR METHOD] (Filmstrip) Famous American Musicians &
Educators. 33 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. © Famous American Musicians &
Educators, Inc. d.b.a. Fame, Inc.; 15Sep71; JP14609.

THE CHICAGO MEGALOPOLIS. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT SERIES. Set 2 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films.
4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide. Produced in collaboration with
Project 7 Films.

  Contents: Discipline and punishment. 62 fr.--Intellectual development
  of children. 58 fr.--Anxieties of children. 65 fr.--Influences on
  children. 57 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Brooke M. Beebe; director & writer, Michael
  Halperin; advisor, Elizabeth G. Mountain.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Aug72; JP14550, 14552, 14551, 14553.

CHILD IN DANGER. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 16.

CHILDHOOD: THE ENCHANTED YEARS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. A Films, Inc. presentation. A Ronox production.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Nicolas L. Noxon; narrator,
  Alexander Scourby; animators, Roger Chouinard & Gary Lund; music
  composer & conductor, Gerald Fried; director of photography, Erik
  Daarstad; film editor, Bud Friedgen.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 22Apr71; LP41137.

CHILDREN’S CRUSADE. See

  SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE.

CHILLY’S COLD WAR. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Sid Marcus; animators, Les
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

  © Universal Pictures; 2Nov70; LP41266.

CHILLY’S ICE FOLLY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dale Hale; animators, Les
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

  © Universal Pictures; 8Jun70; LP41261.

CHOICE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

CHOOSING BOOKS TO READ. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 28Apr72; MP23280.

CHRIST IS BORN (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. With
manual, 1 v. Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the Southern Baptist
Convention, employer for hire. © Broadman Films; 26Jun72; A360147.

CHRISTMAS. See

  HOLIDAY SERIES.

CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. See

  HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.

CHRISTMAS SHOW. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films.
6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: The littlest angel. 69 fr.--The gypsy boy’s miracle. 45
  fr.--Why the chimes rang, 47 fr.--The legend of Befana. 46 fr.--The
  little fir tree. 45 fr.--Michael O’Mannerly and the Christmas
  toadstools. 49 fr.

  Credits: Production, Richard P. Crayke.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Sep71;
  JP14307.

CHRISTOPHER. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

CHRYSLER-FURY-SATELLITE WAGONS FOR ’73. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.;
9Oct72; LP41331.

CHURCHES AND HOW THEY GROW (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. Released by
Broadman Films. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman
Films; 3Apr72; A367791.

CIGARETTES, CARS, AND WILD, WILD WOMEN. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 65.

CINDERELLA. See

  TALES FROM THE GRIMM BROTHERS.

CIRCLE OF LIES. See

  DAN AUGUST.

A CIRCLE OF TIME. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

CIRCULATORY SYSTEM. See

  HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.

CITIES. See

  HOW TO BUILD THINGS.

  THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO.

CITIES AND TRANSPORTATION. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

  THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.

  THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

  THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.

CITIES, GEOGRAPHY, CLIMATE AND RESOURCES OF ALASKA. See

  THE FRONTIER STATES.

CITIES, GEOGRAPHY, CLIMATE AND RESOURCES OF HAWAII. See

  THE FRONTIER STATES.

THE CITY FOX. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. 1971–72 series.

A CITY IS MANY THINGS (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 5 filmstrips, color,
35 mm.

  Contents: A city is people at work. 39 fr.--A city is people at
  leisure. 35 fr.--A city is services. 34 fr.--A city is transportation.
  40 fr.--A city is buildings. 37 fr.

  Credits: Producer & script writer, Rosemary Luxton; photographers,
  Bill Manning & Hal Smith.

  Appl. author: Churchill Productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 21May69 (in notices: 1968); JP14338, 14335,
  14337, 14336, 14339.

CITY WORKERS AND SERVICES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

CLASS OF ’57. See

  IRONSIDE.

CLASSES AND PROPERTIES OF DISPERSIONS. Iowa State University. 3 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 12Mar69; MP23210.

CLASSROOM JOURNEYS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Troll
Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: A trip to a fire station. 61 fr.--A trip to a police
  station. 47 fr.--A trip to a sewage treatment plant. 56 fr.--A trip to
  an electrical power plant. 52 fr.--A trip to an airport. 59 fr.--A
  trip to a court. 48 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP14258.

A CLASSROOM MODEL. See

  A STRATEGY FOR TEACHING VALUES.

CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
Troll Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: How to make a fresh water aquarium, 65 fr.--How to make a
  salt water aquarium. 43 fr.--How to make a terrarium. 45 fr.--How to
  keep mammals in the classroom. 43 fr.--How to keep reptiles in the
  classroom. 57 fr.--How to keep plants in the classroom. 57 fr.

  Credits: General editor, E. Dan Cappel.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP14259.

CLEAN TOWN, U.S.A. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

A CLOCKWORK ORANGE. Warner Bros. 136 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Malcolm McDowell, Patrick Magee.

  © Warner Bros., Inc. & Polaris Productions, Inc.; 19Dec71; LP41304.

CLOSE TO ZERO. Sunday River Productions. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm.
Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions, solely owned by
Alva Morrison; 12Sep72; MP23335.

CLOUDS AND RAIN AND THINGS (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (The Wonder series)
With Discussion guide, 48 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: Clues to the weather. 61 fr.--How we feel. 71 fr.

  Credits: Writer, Daniel Harris Wilcox; photographers, Jerry Spearman &
  William T. Martin; editor, Gary Goldberg.

  Appl. authors: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, N.Y., employer
  for hire of Daniel Harris Wilcox (script) & Mary Batten (discussion
  guide)

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 26Oct72; A382713.

CLUB HOUSE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

CLUB-MOSSES, HORSETAILS AND FERNS. See

  PLANT CLASSIFICATION.

CLUES TO THE WEATHER. See

  CLOUDS AND RAIN AND THINGS.

COAL MINE. See

  FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.

COLD FRONT. Gilbert Altschul Productions. Released by Journal Films. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: David Altschul. © Gilbert
Altschul Productions, Inc.; 15Jun72; MP23239.

COLLECTING A WARDROBE. See

  FASHION AND YOU.

COLLECTING DATA EFFICIENTLY, Training & Development Division,
Westinghouse Learning Corp, 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for
problem solving and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp,;
20Oct71; MP23363.

COLONIAL CRAFTS. See

  LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.

COLONIAL FOOD. See

  LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.

COLONIAL SHELTER AND DEFENSE. See

  LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.

COLOR OF FURY. See

  DAN AUGUST.

COLORING. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

COLUMBUS DAY. See

  HOLIDAY SERIES.

COMBINING STEPS TO SOLVE WORD PROBLEMS. See

  SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.

COMMUNICATION. American Management Assn. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
basic principles of supervisory management, session 6) © American
Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP22980.

COMMUNITY AIRPORT. See

  AIRPORT SERVICE.

COMPARISONS OF ADJECTIVES AND ADVERBS (Filmstrip) San Antonio
Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates.
Color, Super 8 mm. With tape. © San Antonio Independent School District;
30Jun72 (in notice: 1971); JP14298.

COMPLETE FACTORIZATION. See

  TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.

COMPUTER. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

COMPUTERS AND YOU. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Released by Journal
Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Elizabeth I.
Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 1JUl72; MP22960.

CON ARTISTS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 175.

CONCEPTS AND VOCABULARY--INTRODUCTION. Training & Development Division,
Westinghouse Learning Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for
problem solving and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.;
20Oct71; MP23360.

CONCEPTS IN ECOLOGY (Filmstrip) Centron Educational Films. 4 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: From rock to forest. 57 fr.--From sand dune to forest. 79
  fr.--Life in a log. 73 fr.--Life in a pond. 60 fr.

  Credits: Producers, Robert O. Joslin & Larry West.

  © Centron Corp., Inc.; 29Sep72; JP14254.

CONCERN AND THE LAND. ITT Community Development Corp, Made by
Bibas-Redford, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © ITT Community
Development Corp.; 9Aug72; MP23114.

THE CONCERT FOR BANGLADESH. Apple Films. Released by Apple Films &
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 140 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producers, George Harrison & Phil Spector.

  Cast: George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Ringo Starr, Eric Clapton, Billy
  Preston.

  © Apple Films, Inc.; 15Mar72; MP23151.

CONE-BEARING PLANTS. See

  PLANT CLASSIFICATION.

CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X303A-X303F: Man against nature. 62 fr.--Man against fate.
  52 fr.--Man against man. 52 fr.--Man against society. 53 fr.--Man
  against himself. 53 fr.--A sea of troubles. 52 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Morris Sweetkind; illustrator, William S.
  Shields; senior photographer, George W. Perry.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14560.

CONNECTICUT: THE CONSTITUTION STATE (Filmstrip) Junior League of
Hartford. 170 fr., color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with Charter
Oak Color Slide Assn. & Connecticut Chapter of the Photographic Society
of America.

  Credits: Artwork by the children of Connecticut; photographers, Klara
  Benkovich & others.

  © Junior League of Hartford, Inc.; 18May72; JP14498.

CONSUMER AND COMMUNITY ACTION. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

THE CONSUMER AND THE GOVERNMENT. See

  CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.

CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With Guide, 1 v.

  Contents: The consumer and the government. 73 fr.--Money is the
  medium. 85 fr.--Let the buyer beware. 85 fr.--How to buy food. 85
  fr.--How to buy clothes. 92 fr.--How to buy a used car, 92 fr.

  Credits: Producer, director, writer, Easy Klein.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 18Aug72; JP14461, 14463–14462, 14464–14466.

CONTRACT: KILL IRONSIDE. See

  IRONSIDE.

CONTROLLING CRYSTALLIZATION. Iowa State University. 3 min., si., color,
16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science
& Technology; 12Mar69; MP23213.

CONTROLLING--KEEPING PLANS ON TARGET. American Management Assn. 20 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The basic principles of supervisory management,
session 4) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP22978.

A CONVENT FULL OF MIRACLES. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 64.

CONVERSATION. Regents of the University of Wisconsin. Made by
Instructional Media Laboratory, University of Wisconsin. Approx. 30 min.
each, sd., b&w. Videotape (1/2 in.) © Regents of the University of
Wisconsin.

  Alfred Eisenstaedt, photographer. Credits: Director, Michael J.
  Pontrelli; chief photographer, John Alley. © 1May72; MP23096.

  Arte Johnson, actor. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  18Aug72; MP23243.

  Barbara Walters. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 1May72;
  MP23006.

  C. P. (Chappie) Fox, director, Circus World Museum. Credits: Director,
  Michael J. Pontrelli. © 14Jul72; MP23250.

  Captain James Lovell, astronaut. Credits: Director, Michael J.
  Pontrelli. © 10May72; MP23009.

  Caroline Bird, author. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  5May72; MP23099.

  Dizzy Gillespie, musician. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  1May72; MP23008.

  Dr. Dudley Johnson, heart surgeon. Credits: Director, Michael J.
  Pontrelli. © 18Aug72; MP23247.

  Dr. Sheila Tobias, associate provost and lecturer. Credits: Director,
  Michael J. Pontrelli. © 13Sep72; MP23242.

  Elizabeth Janeway, author. Credits: Producer & critic, Winifred Ryhn;
  director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 1May72; MP23093.

  Ellen Frankfort, author-lecturer. Credits: producer & critic, Winifred
  Ryhn; director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 1May72; MP23095.

  Eric Bentley, critic. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  28Jun72; MP23252.

  Fr. James E. Groppi, civil rights activist. Credits: Director, Michael
  J. Pontrelli. © 1May72; MP23098.

  Frank McGee. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 1May72;
  MP23007.

  George Speidel, director, Milwaukee County Zoo. Credits: Director,
  Michael J. Pontrelli. © 24Aug72; MP23249.

  Jaroslav Pelikan. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 1May72;
  MP23005.

  Jean Francois Revel, author. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli.
  © 1May72; MP23003.

  John Kenneth Galbraith, economist. Credits: Director, Michael J.
  Pontrelli. © 1May72; MP23004.

  Jose Greco, Spanish dancer. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  1May72; MP23097.

  Julius Tobias, sculptor. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  19Jul72; MP23244.

  Michael Novak, professor. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  8Aug72; MP23251.

  Oscar Robertson, Milwaukee Bucks, National Basketball Association.
  Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 18May72; MP23094.

  Roger D. Abrahams, director, Afro-American Research Institute.
  Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 4Aug72; MP23245.

  Ronald Sukenick, novelist. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. ©
  1May72; MP23010.

  S. C. Johnson, chairman of the board. Credits: Director, Michael J.
  Pontrelli. © 29Sep72; MP23248.

  W. Clement Stone, Combined Insurance Company of America. Credits:
  Director, Michael J. Pontrelli. © 17Aug72; MP23246.

  William Klein. Credits: Director, Michael J. Pontrelli, © 1May72;
  MP23011.

A CONVERSATION WITH B. F. SKINNER. CRM Productions. 22 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Psychology today films)

  Cast: Elizabeth Hall, B. F. Skinner.

  © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jul72; MP23202.

COO COO NUTS. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A Walter
Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Don Christensen; animators,
  Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Daws Butler & Grace
  Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 1Jul70; LP41267.

COOLING SYSTEM SERVICE (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 42 fr., color, 35
mm. (Automotive technology, J–5A)

  Credits: Planner & writer, Ivan Hinerman.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Mar72; JP14185.

COPE. CineAvanti. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © CineAvanti; 15Nov72;
MP23342.

COQUI MAGICO. See

  THE MAGICAL COQUI (EL COQUI MAGICO)

CORN--THE PLANT WITH EARS. Centron Educational Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 13Sep72; MP23079.

CORPORATE TRUST. See

  AN APPEAL TO GREATNESS.

COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Cotton growing and ginning, 36 fr.--Cotton spinning and
  weaving. 41 fr.--Designing cloth for clothes. 38 fr.--Silk screen
  printing. 36 fr.--The garment factory. 40 fr.--The retail store. 36
  fr.

  Credits: Producer, Rosemary Luxton; script writers, Jayne Applegate &
  Edna La Fayette; photographer, Hal Smith.

  Appl. author: Churchill productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 28Nov68; JP14348–14349, 14351–14350,
  14347–14346.

COTTON GROWING AND GINNING. See

  COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU.

COTTON SPINNING AND WEAVING. See

  COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU.

COUNTDOWN TO GREATNESS. Glenn W. Turner Enterprises. 1 reel, sd., color,
Super 8 mm, (Adventure IV) Loop film. © Turner Enterprises a.a.d.o.
Glenn W. Turner Enterprises, Inc.; 29Dec71; MP23237.

COUNTERFEIT, STOLEN, & ALTERED CHECKS (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. &
S.A. Made by Training Dept., World Headquarters, 98 fr., color, 35 mm.
(Big Jeff’s casefile, no. 7) © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 11Sep72;
JP14473.

COUNTING, BASE, AND PLACE VALUE. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
Distributed by Journal Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Beginning mathematics) Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. ©
Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Nov72; MP23322.

COURTESY CARDS & BANKAMERICARDS (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. & S.A.
Made by Training Dept., World Headquarters. 101 fr., color, 35 mm. (Big
Jeff’s casefile, no. 6) © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 28Aug72; JP14477.

THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER. Komack Co. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
Television. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.

  And Eddie makes three. Credits: Producer, James Komack; director, Hal
  Cooper; writers, Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 1Oct69; LP41372.

  Any friend of Dad’s. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 19Nov69; LP41379.

  The bicycle theft. Credits: Producer; James Komack; writer, Martin A.
  Ragaway. © 20Oct71; LP41358.

  The Blarney Stone girl. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer,
  Joanna Lee. © 15Dec71; LP41368.

  A brave at Natchanoomi. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 8Dec71; LP41367.

  Bully for you. Credits: Producer, James Komack: writer, Joanna Lee. ©
  5Nov69; LP41377.

  The business trip. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Bob
  Rodgers. © 21Oct70; LP41400.

  The candidate. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Alan J.
  Levitt. © 22Sep71; LP41361.

  The choice. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan Cutler &
  Martin Donovan. © 5Jan72; LP41346.

  The computer. © 15Oct69; LP41374.

  Dear Mr. Cooper. Credits: Producer, James Komack; teleplay, Shirley
  Gordon. © 29Dec70; LP41414.

  Discipline is a four-letter word spelled l-o-v-e. Credits: Producer,
  James Komack; writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 24Mar71; LP41355.

  Don’t look now, but your Scorpio’s rising. Credits: James Komack;
  writer, Joanna Lee. © 4Mar70; LP41394.

  Eddie’s will. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer; Peggy Chantler
  Dick. © 28Oct70; LP41401.

  The encounter group. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Joanna
  Lee. © 28Dec70; LP41413.

  Everybody needs a brother. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer,
  Blanche Hanalis. © 17Mar71; LP41354.

  An F for Mrs. Livingston. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers,
  Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 26Nov69; LP41380.

  Fear is for understanding. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer,
  Shirley Gordon. © 16Dec70; LP41407.

  A five pound monkey on his stomach. Credits: Producer, James Komack;
  writers, Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 18Feb70; LP41392.

  Free is a four letter word. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer,
  Peggy Chantler Dick. © 25Feb70; LP41393.

  Gentleman friend. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Irving
  Pearlberg. © 12Nov69; LP41378.

  Getting back on the horse. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer.
  Bob Rodgers. © 22Sep71; LP41362.

  Ghetto girl. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Alan J. Levitt.
  © 25Dec70; LP41410.

  Gifts are for giving. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Shirley
  Gordon. © 23Dec70; LP41408.

  Guardian for Eddie. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Peggy
  Chantler Dick. © 4Feb70; LP41390.

  Guess who’s coming to lunch? Credits: Writer, James Komack. © 29Oct69;
  LP41376.

  Happy birthday to you. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 3Nov71; LP41363.

  Hello, Miss Bessinger, goodbye. Credits: Producer, James Komack;
  writer, Joanna Lee. © 4Nov70; LP41402.

  The hospital. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan Cutler &
  Martin Donovan. © 26Dec70; LP41411.

  How do you know if it’s really love? Credits: Producer, James Komack;
  writer, Peggy Chantler Dick. © 31Dec69; LP41386.

  I thought you thought. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 14Oct70; LP41399.

  The important word is “and.” Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers,
  Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 7Oct70; LP41398.

  In the eye of the beholder. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers,
  Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 16Feb72; LP41351.

  The investors. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan Cutler &
  Martin Donovan. © 26Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41345.

  It’s all write with me. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Alan
  J. Levitt, © 2Feb72; LP41349.

  The karate story. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Martin
  Ragaway. © 12Jan72; LP41347.

  The library card. Credits: Writers, Pauline Stone & Mike Cosgrove. ©
  31Dec69; LP41385.

  A little get-together for Cissy. Credits: Producer, James Komack;
  writers, Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 24Dec70; LP41409.

  A little help from my friend. Credits: Producer, James Komack;
  writers, Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 9Feb72; LP41350.

  A little red. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan Cutler &
  Martin Donovan. © 1Dec71; LP41366.

  The littlest kidnapper. Credits: Producer & director, James Komack;
  writer, Carl Kleinschmitt. © 8Oct69; LP41373.

  A loaf of bread, bar of soap, jar of peanut butter. Credits: Producer,
  James Komack; writer, Peggy Chantler Dick. © 30Sep70; LP41397.

  The lonely weekend. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 30Dec70; LP41415.

  Love is for sharing. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Shirley
  Gordon. © 11Nov70; LP41403.

  The magic Mrs. Rickles. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer,
  Joanna Lee. © 31Dec70; LP41416.

  Member of the wedding. Credits: James Komack; writer, Peggy Chantler
  Dick. © 3Dec69; LP41381.

  Mrs. Livingston, I presume. Pilot script. Credits: Writer, James
  Komack. © 17Sep69; LP41370.

  The mod couple. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Peggy
  Chantler Dick. © 28Jan70; LP41389.

  Money is a five letter word. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer,
  Peggy Chantler Dick. © 11Mar70; LP41395.

  Mother of the year. Credits: Producer & writer, James Komack. ©
  17Dec69; LP41384.

  My son, the artist. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 15Oct71; LP41360.

  A night out for the boys. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers,
  Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 10Dec69; LP41382.

  Or else! Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan Cutler &
  Martin Donovan. © 10Nov71; LP41364.

  Pain. © 22Oct69; LP41375.

  Prince charming. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan Cutler
  & Martin Donovan, © 29Dec71; LP41369.

  The promise. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Bob Rodgers,
  Peggy Chantler Dick, & James Komack. © 11Feb70; LP41391.

  The rift. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Peggy Chantler
  Dick. © 27Dec70; LP41412.

  The road to you know where is paved with you know what. Credits:
  Producer, James Komack; Writer, Blanche Hanalis. © 14Jan70; LP41387.

  The secret box. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Shirley
  Gordon. © 2Dec70; LP41406.

  Teacher’s pet. Credits: Writer, Carl Kleinschmitt. © 26Sep69; LP41371.

  Tell it like I’m telling you it is. Credits: Producer, James Komack;
  writers, Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 6Oct71; LP41356.

  They’re either too young or too old. Credits: Producer, James Komack;
  writer, Bob Rodgers. © 21Jan70; LP41388.

  Thy neighbor loves thee. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers,
  Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 17Nov71; LP41365.

  Time for a change. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 23Feb72; LP41352.

  To catch a thief. Credits: Producer, James Komack; teleplay, Peggy
  Chantler Dick. © 31Dec70; LP41417.

  Two’s company. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writer, Shirley
  Gordon. © 27Oct71; LP41359.

  The unbirthday present. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers, Stan
  Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 23Sep70; LP41396.

  A very different drummer. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers,
  Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 13Oct71; LP41357.

  Very young man with a horn. Credits: Producer, James Komack; writers,
  Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 19Jan72; LP41348.

  We love Annie. Credits: Producer & writer, James Komack. © 1Mar72;
  LP41353.

  When the shoe is on the other foot it doesn’t fit. Credits: Producer,
  James Komack; writers, Stan Cutler & Martin Donovan. © 25Nov70;
  LP41405.

  Who pulled the blues right out of the horn. Credits: Writer, Ken
  Pettus. © 24Dec69; LP41383.

  Who wants to sail down the Amazon anyway? Credits: Producer, James
  Komack; writer, Joanna Lee. © 18Nov70; LP41404.

CRACK IN THE BERLIN WALL. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

A CRACK IN THE PAVEMENT. FilmFair Communications. 8 min., ed., color, 16
mm. Based on the book by Ruth Howell & Arline Strong. © FilmFair, Inc.;
15Nov72; MP23345.

CRACK IN THE WALL. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

CRAFTING A CHAIR. See

  HOW THINGS ARE MADE.

CRASH. Ezra Baker Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 8 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Ezra Baker Films, Inc.; 28Jun72 (in notice: 1970);
LP41101.

CREATING A MOVIE OR T.V. PROGRAM. See

  HOW THINGS ARE MADE.

CREATING WITH SHAPES. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
22Dec71; MP22988.

CREATING WITH TEXTURES. Coronet Instructional Films. Made by Motion
Picture Dept., Columbia College. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Mar72; MP22987.

CREATING YOUR OWN STYLE. See

  FASHION AND YOU.

CRICKET AND COLT CARBURETORS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 78 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
session no. 72–10) © Chrysler Corp.; 23Jul72; JP14203.

CROAKUS POCUS. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp.
7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 27Feb72 (in notice: 1971);
LP41029.

CROOKS ARE USUALLY STRANGERS, BUT (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. &
S.A. Made by Training Dept., World Headquarters. 102 fr., color, 35 mm.
(Big Jeff’s casefile, no. 8) © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 25Sep72;
JP14475.

THE CROSS IN THE LOTUS. Broadcasting & Film Commission, National Council
of Churches. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Broadcasting & Film
Commission, National Council of Churches; 24Mar72; MP23315.

CUANDO HACES ALGO BUENO. San Antonio Independent School District. Made
by Sutherland Learning Associates. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © San Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in notice:
1971); LP41062.

THE CULPEPPER CATTLE CO. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 92 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Paul A. Helmick; director, Dick Richards;
  screenplay, Eric Bercovici & Gregory Prentiss; music composers, Tom
  Scott & Jerry Goldsmith; directors of photography, Lawrence Edward
  Williams & Ralph Woolsey; film editor, John Burnett.

  Cast: Gary Grimes, Billy “Green” Bush, Luke Askew, Bo Hopkins, John
  McLiam.

  © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 4May72; LP41017.

THE CUSTOMS OF THE COUNTRY. See

  BONANZA.


                                   D

THE /d/ SOUND. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
With tape. © San Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in
notice: 1971); JP14297.

DAD, CAN I BORROW THE CAR. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

DAN AUGUST. QM Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. An
ABC presentation. © QM Productions.

  The assassin. © 8Apr71; LP41174.

  Bullet for a hero. © 4Mar71; LP41169.

  Circle of lies. © 18Feb71; LP41167.

  The color of fury. © 28Oct70; LP41155.

  Days of rage. © 25Mar71; LP41172.

  Dead witness to a killing. © 28Jan71; LP41165.

  Death chain. © 21Jan71; LP41164.

  Epitaph for a swinger. © 18Nov70; LP41158.

  In the eyes of God. © 21Oct70; LP41154.

  Invitation to murder. © 4Nov70; LP41156.

  The king is dead. © 14Oct70; LP41153.

  The law. © 4Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LP41149.

  Love is a nickel bag. © 7Oct70; LP41152.

  The manufactured man. © 11Mar71; LP41170.

  The meal ticket. © 18Mar71; LP41171.

  Murder by proxy. © 23Sep70; LP41150.

  The murder of a small town. © 30Sep70; LP41151.

  Passing fair. © 30Dec70; LP41162.

  Prognosis: homicide. © 1Apr71; LP41173.

  Quadrangle for death. © 16Dec70; LP41161.

  The soldier. © 2Dec70; LP41160.

  The titan. © 6Jan71; LP41163.

  Trackdown. © 25Feb71; LP41168.

  The union forever. © 11Nov70; LP41157.

  When the shouting dies. © 25Nov70; LP41159.

  The worst crime. © 11Feb71; LP41166.

DAN BLOCKER EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

DARE THE WILDEST RIVER. Diablo Productions. 55 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(A Wilderness adventures film)

  Credits: Producer & director, Joe Munroe; writers, Martin Litton, F.
  Thomas Huheey, Joe Munroe; narrator, Don Sherwood; music, Wenzel
  Pitelka; photographers, Joe Munroe, Martin Litton, Paul Geerlings.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 11May70; MP20479. NM: additions & revisions.

  © Diablo Productions, Inc.; 19May72 (in notice: 1970); MP22903.

DATA PROCESSING: AN INTRODUCTION. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 6Mar72; MP23074.

DAY IN THE LIFE OF THE UNITED STATES. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

DAY OF THE OWL. See

  MAFIA.

DAYS OF RAGE. See

  DAN AUGUST.

DEAD OF NIGHT. See

  HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.

DEAD WITNESS TO A KILLING. See

  DAN AUGUST.

DEALING WITH PEOPLE. See

  BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.

DEAR AGGIE. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 70.

DEAR DEAD DELILAH. Jack Music, Inc. Released by Southern Star
Productions. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jack Clement; director & screenplay, John Farris;
  music, Bill Justis; director of photography, William R. Johnson; film
  editor, Ron Dorfman.

  Cast: Agnes Moorehead, Will Geer, Michael Ansara, Patricia Carmichael,
  Dennis Patrick.

  © Jack Music, Inc.; 5May72; MP23087.

DEAR FRAN. See

  IRONSIDE.

DEAR MR. COOPER. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

DEAR MR. GABLE. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 60 min., sd., color and
b&w, 16 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Nicolas L. Noxon; narrator, Burgess
  Meredith; music scorer & conductor, Gerald Fried; original
  photography, Henry Ushijima, Baldwin Baker, Alan Stensvold; film
  editor, Bud Smith.

  NM: compilation & additions.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec67 (in notice: 1968); LP41191.

DEATH BY THE NUMBERS. See

  IRONSIDE.

DEATH CHAIN. See

  DAN AUGUST.

A DEATH OF INNOCENCE. Columbia Broadcasting System. 90 min., sd., color.
Videotape (2 in.) From the novel by Zelda Popkin.

  Credits: Producer, Mark Carliner; director, Paul Wendkos; teleplay,
  Joseph Stefano; music, Morton Stevens; director of photography, Ben
  Colman; film editor, Gene Fowler, Jr.

  Cast: Shelley Winters, Arthur Kennedy, John Randolph, Tisha Sterling,
  Ann Sothern.

  © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Nov71; LP41199.

DECIDING BETWEEN TWO ALTERNATIVES. Training & Development Division,
Westinghouse Learning Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for
problem solving and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.;
20Oct71; MP23366.

THE DECIDUOUS FOREST, see

  ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES.

THE DECISION MAKING PROCESS. American Management Assn. 19 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (The basic principles of supervisory management, session 8)
© American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP22982.

DECODING LANGUAGE IN GRAPHEMIC FORM BY MEANS OF GRAPHEME-PHONEME
CORRESPONDENCES, CONTEXTUAL CLUES, AND DICTIONARY SYMBOLS. Educational
Division, Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Houghton-Mifflin reading program) Appl. states all new except prev. pub.
b&w footage from si. film Teddy at the throttle, ca. 1913. © Houghton
Mifflin Co.; 12Oct72; MP23285.

DECORATING: AN INDIVIDUAL APPROACH. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

DECORATIVE WOODS AND FUEL. Martin Moyer Productions. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Man and the forest, pt. 5) Produced in cooperation with
the Forest Service, Pacific Northwest Region, U.S. Dept. of Agriculture.

  Credits: Collaborator, Bernard S. Douglass; narrator, Richard L. Hawk.

  Appl. author: Martin Moyer.

  © Martin Moyer Productions; 17Jul72; MP22946.

THE DEER FAMILY. Walt Disney Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Nature’s living album) © Walt Disney Productions; 8Aug68; MP23158.

DEFENSIVE TACTICS. III. Woroner Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Officer training) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 27Jul72; MU8472.

DEFINING THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

DEFINING THE NORTHEAST. See

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

DEFINING THE PACIFIC COAST REGION. See

  THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.

DEFINING THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN REGION. See

  THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

DEFINING THE SOUTH. See

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

DEFINING THE SOUTH WEST. See

  THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.

DELIVERYMEN. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

DEPENDENCE: A NEW DEFINITION. CRM Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Life and health films) © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.;
1Sep72; MP23203.

THE DERIVATIVE. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye Instruments. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey &
Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct71; MP23308.

DERNIER DOMICILE CONNU. See

  LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

DESCRIBING COLLECTIONS OF DATA. Training & Development Division,
Westinghouse Learning Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for
problem solving and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.;
20Oct71; MP23361.

DESIGNING CLOTH FOR CLOTHES. See

  COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU.

THE DESTEFANOS. See

  AMERICAN FAMILIES.

DETROIT, CAR CAPITAL OF THE WORLD. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

DEVELOPING CHILDREN’S ORAL LANGUAGE: PRIMARY LEVELS. Macmillan
Educational Services. 6 motion pictures (1 reel each), sd., color, 16
mm. (Minicourse 2) Contents: Introduction.--Instructional/model, lesson
1–6. © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development;
10Jan72 (in notices: 1971); MP22932–22937.

DEVELOPING CONCEPTS FOR NUMBER (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 69 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 15 p. © Teaching
Resources Corp.; 10Jul72; A378950.

DEVELOPING CONCEPTS FOR SETS (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 75 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching
Resources Corp.; 10Jul72; A378942.

DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made
by Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X305A-X305F: Direction: can you somersault sideways? 55
  fr.--Size: smaller than large and larger than small. 54 fr.--Shape: a
  circle is never a square. 53 fr.--Location: over & under & in between.
  55 fr.--Quantity: something is different from nothing. 51 fr.--Order:
  first always comes before last. 44 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Judith H. Russell; consulting editor,
  Alexander M. Butman; graphic artist, Edward A. Casker.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14271.

DEVELOPING READING READINESS PROGRAMS. Kingsbury Center. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Learning for a lifetime: the academic club method, pt. 3)
Appl. author: Sally L. Smith. © Sally L. Smith. & Kingsbury Center,
Inc.; 7Jul72; MP23135.

DEVELOPING TECHNIQUES IN CONCENTRATION (Filmstrip) Classroom Materials
Co. 7 filmstrips (37 fr. each), color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide &
script, 22 p.

  Contents: Visual memory, immediate.--Visual memory,
  delayed.--Tracking.--Extended tracking.--Visual emphasis.--Constancy
  of shape.--Figure-ground discrimination.

  Credits: Program, Selma Greenberg & Anita Gurian; illustrations, Gerry
  Levinson.

  © Classroom Materials Co.; 1Aug72; JP14190–14196.

DIALOGUE WITH DOCTOR. Dept. of Health & Hospitals of the Archdiocese of
Los Angeles. 21 min. sd., color, 16 mm. © Dept. of Health & Hospitals of
the Archdiocese of Los Angeles; 3Oct72; MP23316.

DIALOGUES FOR THE WORKSHOP IN INTER-CULTURAL COMMUNICATION. Human
Resources Research Organization. 150 min., sd. Videotape.

  Credits: Writers, Alfred J. Kraemer & John D. Harris.

  Cast: Cajetan D’Mello.

  © Human Resources Research Organization (Humrro); 11Dec72; MU8506.

DID YOU KNOW? Set 3 (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4 filmstrips (38
fr. each), color, 35 mm. With guide, 6 l.

  Contents: How things look.--How things feel.--Big and little.--A
  little and a lot.

  Appl. author: Edward Dubrowsky.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 16Sep71; A379000.

DIESEL DECISIONS. University of Nebraska Agricultural Engineering Dept.,
Cooperative Extension Service, Dept. of Information & American Oil Co.
19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Nebraska ETV
Network. © American Oil Co.; 1Jun71; MP22943.

DIFFERENT KINDS OF MONEY. See

  DOLLARS AND SENSE.

DIFFERENT SHAPES. See

  LEARNING ABOUT ME.

DIGESTIVE SYSTEM. See

  HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.

DIRECTION; CAN YOU SOMERSAULT SIDEWAYS. See

  DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.

DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.
Appleton-Century-Crofts, educational division of Meredith Corp. 1 reel,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. Presented in cooperation with Wayne State University
College of Nursing. © Meredith Corp.

  Lesson

  1. Subcutaneous and intramuscular injections. © 16May72; MP22914.

  7. Giving a bed bath, pt. 2. © 28Mar72; MP22983.

  25. Application of the process of scientific observation to patient
  situations. © 16May72; MP22915.

  27. Patient admission to and discharge from a hospital. © 11Apr72;
  MP23088.

  31. Equipment and nurses’ role in oxygen therapy. © 16May72; MP22916.

  32. Spiritual aspects of patient care, pt. 1–2. © 20Oct72;
  MP23265–23266.

  41. Equipment used in gastric and intestinal decompression. © 28Nov72;
  MP23305.

  43. Nursing responsibilities in the care of patients receiving various
  methods of gavage. © 28Nov72; MP23304.

  68. A means of assistance to ambulation: crutch walking. © 20Oct72;
  MP23165.

  96. Homeokinesis and adaptation. © 16May72; MP22917.

  97. Quest for causation. © 20Oct72; MP23166.

  98. Health-illness: a continuum. © 20Oct72; MP23167.

  99. Assessment of growth and development. © 16May72; MP22918.

  100. Safety--key word in patient care. © 16May72; MP22919.

  101. Dynamics of nurse, parent, child relationships. © 16May72;
  MP22920.

  102. Feeding patterns of infants and toddlers. © 16May72; MP22921.

  103. Administration of medications to infants and children. © 16May72;
  MP22922.

  104. Fluid and electrolyte therapy in pediatrics. © 16May72; MP22923.

  105. Pre- and post-operative care of the pediatric patient. © 16May72;
  MP22924.

  106. Accident prevention. © 16May72; MP22925.

  107. The unusual child: cleft lip/palate. © 16May72; MP22926.

  108. Catheterization using a Foley catheter. © 14Dec72; MP23306.

DIRTY LITTLE BILLY. WRG/Dragoti. Released by Columbia Pictures. 93 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jack L. Warner; director, Stan Dragoti; story &
  screenplay, Charles Moss & Stan Dragoti; music composed & arranged by
  Sascha Burland; director of photography, Ralph Woolsey; film editor,
  David Wages.

  Cast: Lee Purcell, Charles Aidman, Dran Hamilton, Willard Sage, Mills
  Watson.

  © Jack L. Warner & WRG/Dragoti, Ltd.; 20Oct72; LP41234.

DISCIPLINE AND PUNISHMENT. See

  CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT SERIES.

DISCIPLINE IS A FOUR-LETTER WORD SPELLED L-O-V-E. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

DISCOVERING NEW WORDS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Troll
Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: How it moves. 56 fr.--How it looks. 52 fr.--How it feels. 39
  fr.--How it sounds. 44 fr.--Names of things. 53 fr.--Kinds of people.
  51 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Apr72; JP14526.

DISCOVERY STORIES (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With guide, 3 l.

  Contents: A case for the purple elephant. 40 fr.--Finders keepers. 36
  fr.--Overcrowding in Hickeyville. 42 fr.--Things are tough all over.
  39 fr.

  Credits: Executive producer, Edward Dubrowsky; writer & illustrator,
  Robert Sargent.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 8Feb70; A375470.

DISCOVERY: TROPICAL AFRICA (Filmstrip) Doubleday Multimedia. 3
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: What is Africa like? 17 fr.--What do Africans look like? 19
  fr.--Where do Africans live? 16 fr.

  Credits: Educational consultants, Ron Atwood & Sister Mary John
  Binder, C.S.J.; photographers, Jim Wells & Ron Atwood.

  © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 2Mar72; JP14596–14595, 14599.

DISEASES AND TREATMENT. See

  PRODUCT SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION: DERMATOLOGY.

  THE URINARY TRACT.

DISTINGUISHED CONTRIBUTORS TO COUNSELING SERIES. See

  B. F. SKINNER ON COUNSELING.

  B. F. SKINNER ON EDUCATION.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 2. Review Educational Films. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23354.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 3. Review Educational Films. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.: 25Sep72;
MP23355.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 4. Review Educational Films. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23356.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 5. Review Educational Films. 9 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23357.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 6. Review Educational Films. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23358.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 7. Review Educational Films. 9 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films; Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23255.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 8. Review Educational Films. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23359.

DIZZY GILLESPIE, MUSICIAN. See

  CONVERSATION.

DO YOU KNOW WHERE I’M GOING? Board of Parish Education of the Lutheran
Church in America. Made by Equinox Films. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(Stimulus series)

  Credits: Music, Felix Pappalardi.

  © Board of Parish Education of the Lutheran Church in America; 1Jun68;
  MP22906.

DOC. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

DR. DUDLEY JOHNSON, HEART SURGEON. See

  CONVERSATION.

DR. SHEILA TOBIAS, ASSOCIATE PROVOST AND LECTURER. See

  CONVERSATION.

DOCTRINE OF THE GOSPEL (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 49 fr., color,
35 mm. With Romans handbook for faith, teachers guide, red/blue high
school no. 32–2142 (separately reg. as A375098)

  Credits: Script, Walter R. Bouman; art & photography, Don L. Kueker &
  Associates.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14299.

DOING IT ALL ON A BUDGET. See

  LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.

DOLLARS AND SENSE (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Troll
Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: How money goes round and round. 48 fr.--Different kinds of
  money. 42 fr.--How money is made. 40 fr.--How we borrow money. 42
  fr.--How budgets work. 43 fr.--How taxes work. 43 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Morris Gall.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP14257.

DOLORES DIDDLEDADDLE. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

DON’T CRY, MY SON. See

  BONANZA.

DON’T LOOK NOW, BUT YOUR SCORPIO’S RISING. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

DOUBLE HEADING IN THE SMOKIES. Sunday River Productions. 17 min., si.,
color, 8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. © Sunday River Productions,
solely owned by Alva Morrison; 19May72; MP23336.

DRAG RACING. See

  SPORTS

DREAMS OF GLASS. Dreams of Glass Co. Released by Universal Pictures. 82
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Caroline Barrett, John Denos, Joe Lo Presti, Margaret Rich, Pat
  Li.

  © Dreams of Glass Co.; 16Aug70 (in notice: 1968); LP41344.

DRINKING. See

  WATER AND HOW WE USE IT.

DRUG ABUSE, THE UNDERMINE OF OUR SOCIETY. F. Thomas Mueller. 26 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © F. Thomas Mueller; 17Aug72; MP23125.

THE DRUG DILEMMA: A NEW DAY DAWNING? Alberta Dept. of Education. Made by
Cana-West Master Films. 27 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, R. Ronald Brown.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 23Feb72;
  MP23073.

DRUGS, A LEGACY. Dept. of Education, State of Florida. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: Drugs: our legacy. © Dept. of Education, State
of Florida; 4May72 (in notice: 1971); MP22944.

DRUGS: OUR LEGACY. See

  DRUGS, A LEGACY.

DUCE See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

THE DUMBEST KID IS SCHOOL. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 74.

DUST MOPPING. Comprenetics. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Housekeeping) © Comprenetics, Inc,; 29Apr72 (in notice: 1971); MP23259.

DYNAMICS OF NURSE, PARENT, CHILD RELATIONSHIPS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 101.


                                   E

ESP See

  STRANGE PHENOMENA.

ESP IN ANIMALS AND MEN. See

  STRANGE PHENOMENA.

EACH DAY AT DAWN. Marathon International Productions. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director & writer, Konstantin Kalser; narrator, George
  Scharmen; camera, Heinz Pehlke & Henry Javorsky.

  © Marathon International Productions, Inc.; 28Jul72; MP23050.

EARLY YEARS. See

  TOGETHER: FRED S. KELLER AND B. F. SKINNER.

EARS AND THINGS. See

  READING WITH RIDDLES.

EARTH BENEATH US. See

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.

EARTH CYCLES AND CHANGES. See

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.

EARTH SCIENCE SERIES (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films. 6 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. Produced in collaboration with Halas & Batchelor Cartoon Films.
With guide.

  Contents: The earth sciences. 40 fr.--Oceans and their history. 41
  fr.--Weather and climate. 39 fr.--The earth beneath us. 39
  fr.--Minerals and rocks. 38 fr.--Earth cycles and changes. 41 fr.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Aug72; JP14492–14497.

EARTH SCIENCE: THE EARTH’S INTERIOR. Indiana University, Audio-Visual
Center. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 3Nov71;
MP23294.

EARTH SCIENCES. See

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.

[THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES] (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide. Produced in collaboration with
Multi-Media Productions.

  Contents: Ocean resources. 37 fr.--Fresh-water resources. 46 fr.--Fuel
  resources. 43 fr.--Rock resources. 44 fr.--Atmospheric resources. 44
  fr.--Soil resources. 42 fr.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Jul72 (in notices 1970); JP14397–14398,
  14396–14395, 14399, 14394.

EASY, BARE RIDER. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 35.

EASY COME, EASY GO. See

  BONANZA.

ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: The deciduous forest. 56 fr.--Ponds and lakes. 55 fr.--The
  stream. 59 fr.--The meadow. 57 fr.--The thicket. 54 fr.--The northern
  coniferous forest. 53 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaboration, script & photography, Stephen W.
  Kress; production, M. George Jennings.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Jun72;
  JP14302.

ECOLOGY OF A HOT SPRING: LIFE AT HIGH TEMPERATURES. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
cooperation with Dept. of Interior, National Park Service, Yellowstone
National Park. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 30May72;
MP23071.

ECOLOGY VERSUS ECONOMY. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

EDDIE’S WILL. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

EDUCATION FOR OCCUPATIONS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Working in a service station. 48 fr.--Working in a
  supermarket. 45 fr.--Working in a printing industry. 48 fr.--Working
  in food services. 39 fr.--Working with business machines. 39
  fr.--Working in building maintenance. 42 fr.--Working in
  manufacturing. 39 fr.--Working in a hospital. 43 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14286.

THE EFFECT OF COOKING ON PLANT PIGMENTS. Iowa State University. 3 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 12Mar69; MP23211.

AN EGG BECOMES A CHICK. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 16Jun72; MP23283.

EGG WHITE FOAM FORMATION. Iowa State University. 3 min., si., color, 16
mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
Technology; 12Mar69; MP23207.

EGG WHITE FOAM FORMATIONS: USE OF SUGAR AND ACID. Iowa State University.
3 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 12Mar69; MP23215.

8 MM. DOCUMENTS PROJECT, NO. 363. See

  EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: AIRPLANES, 1919–1930.

THE 1848 REVOLUTIONS (Filmstrip) Educational Audio Visual. 2 filmstrips
(pt. 1, 69 fr.; pt. 2, 65 fr.), color, 35 mm. With teacher’s guide, 9 p.

  Credits: General editor, Robert Fromer; writer, Geoffrey Hindley;
  picture research, Gillian Fowlds & Elizabeth Lockey; design, Harry
  Constantine.

  © Educational Audio Visual, Inc.; 27Sep71; A360892.

ELECTED! Southwood Productions. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, Hart Perry.

  Cast: Alice Cooper.

  Appl. author: Shep Gordon.

  © Alive Enterprises, Inc.; 3Jan73; MU8505.

ELECTION. See

  NOW YOU ARE A VOTER.

ELECTRIC DOOR AND TAILGATE LOCKS AND ELECTRIC WINDOWS (Filmstrip)
Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master
technicians service conference, session no. 72–11) © Chrysler Corp.;
7Sep72; JP14380.

ELECTRICAL SERVICE AND APPLIANCE REPAIR (Filmstrip) Advance Schools. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 4 scripts, 1 v. each.

  Contents: Principles of electric heat. 61 fr.--Toasters and testing
  procedures. 52 fr.--Traffic appliances. 51 fr.--Alternating current
  and power distribution. 47 fr.

  © Advance Schools, Inc.; 27Jun72; A364061.

ELECTRICITY FROM MAGNETISM. Doubleday Multimedia. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Doubleday Multimedia; 18Nov70; MP23139.

ELECTROMAGNETS AND THEIR USES. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 14Apr72; MP23282.

ELEGY FOR A PIG. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 105.

ELEMENTS AND PRINCIPLES OF DESIGN. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

ELEPHANT. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits; Producers & photographers, Peter & Jane Chermayeff.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 1Jun72 (in notice:
  1971); MP23060.

ELIZABETH JANEWAY, AUTHOR. See

  CONVERSATION.

ELLEN FRANKFORT, AUTHOR-LECTURER. See

  CONVERSATION.

ELSA AND HER CUBS. Elsa Wild Animal Appeal. Distributed by Benchmark
Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Photographers, Joy & George Adamson.

  © Elsa Wild Animal Appeal & Benchmark Films, Inc.; 1Jul71; MP23057.

ELVIS ON TOUR. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Cinema
Associates film.

  Credits: Producers & directors, Pierre Adidge & Robert Abel;
  photography, David Myers & others; editor, Ken Zemke.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 15Nov72; LP41310.

THE EMERGENCE OF COMPLEX SOCIETIES (Filmstrip) American Anthropological
Assn. & Macmillan Co. Made by FilmFair Communications. 3 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With kit.

  Contents: Jarmo. 111 fr.--Sumerian artifacts. 47 fr.--The temples of
  Inanna. 45 fr.

  © American Anthropological Assn.; 20Dec71; JP14586, 14584–14585.

EMERGENCY CARE OF EYE INJURIES. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

THE EMERGING ESKIMO. Centron Educational Films. Made by Brayton-Kendall
Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brayton-Kendall Productions;
15Apr72; MP22963.

EMPTY PLAYGROUND. See

  HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.

THE ENCOUNTER GROUP. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

AN ENCOUNTER WITH THE ART OF SERENITY. Reiko Yamanouchi Posner. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © R. Posner; 20Nov72; MU8498.

THE ENERGETICS OF LIFE. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Filmfair
Communications. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
10Apr72; MP22898.

ENERGY AND LIFE. See

  LIFE: A UNIQUE PHENOMENON.

ENERGY CRISIS. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Released by Journal
Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Elizabeth I.
Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 1Ju172; MP22959.

ENERGY CRISIS. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE: ITS SPELLING PATTERNS. Coronet Instructional
Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 17Apr72; MP23281.

ENGLISH ON THE JOB: LISTENING AND SPEAKING SKILLS. Coronet Instructional
Films. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 7Mar72; MP23077.

ENGLISH ON THE JOB: READING SKILLS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 14Mar72; MP23075.

ENGLISH ON THE JOB: WRITING SKILLS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 20Mar72 (in notice: 1971); MP23078.

ENVIRONMENT AND HEALTH. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

ENVIRONMENT CRUSADE. See

  WHO? WHAT? WHEN? WHERE? WHY?

ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS (Filmstrip) School Health Division of the American
Assn. for Health, Physical Education & Recreation. 5 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With Teacher’s guide and script, 48 p. Presented with the
cooperation of the Environmental Protection Agency.

  Contents: Pt. 6–10: Industrial wastes. 81 fr.--Environment and health.
  91 fr.--The energy crisis. 85 fr.--Ecology versus economy. 88 fr.--The
  consumer and community action. 98 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Alan Freeman.

  © Alan Freeman; 15Sep72; A393247.

ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES (Filmstrip) Centron Educational Films. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: The rivers must not die! 82 fr.--The land and the soil. 89
  fr.--Solid wastes. 80 fr.--Noise, the latest pollution. 99 fr.--Air
  pollution. 105 fr.--Pests, pesticides and people. 66 fr.

  © Centron Corp., Inc.; 15Mar72; JP14247.

EPIPHANIA. Franciscan Communications Center. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications Center; 11Sep72;
MP23082.

EPITAPH FOR A SWINGER. See

  DAN AUGUST.

EQUIPMENT AND NURSES’ ROLE IN OXYGEN THERAPY. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 31.

EQUIPMENT USED IN GASTRIC AND INTESTINAL DECOMPRESSION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 41.

ERIC BENTLEY, CRITIC. See

  CONVERSATION.

ERNEST GAINES: BLOOD LINES IN INK. General Learning Corp. Made by
Davidson Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Writers on writing) A
Silver Burdett film. © General Learning Corp.; 30Aug72; MP23025.

ESKIMOS. See

  THE FIRST AMERICANS.

ESKIMOS AND THEIR HOUSES. See

  THE FIRST AMERICANS.

ESTIMATING THE COST OF UNCERTAINTY. Training & Development Division,
Westinghouse Learning Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for
problem solving and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.;
20Oct71; MP23367.

EVA GABOR, WALLY COX EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

EVEN YELLOW CARS HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials.
44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Bilingual stories, series 1) With Teacher’s
guide, 10 p.

  Credits: Writer & illustrator, Mark Rubin.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 6Apr72; A375465.

EVERYBODY NEEDS A BROTHER. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT SEX, BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK.
United Artists Corp. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the book by David
Reuben.

  Credits: Producer, Charles H. Joffe; director & writer, Woody Allen;
  music composer & conductor, Mundell Lowe; director of photography,
  David M. Walsh; film editor, Eric Albertson.

  Cast: Woody Allen, John Carradine, Lou Jacobi, Louise Lasser, Anthony
  Quayle.

  © United Artists Corp.; 6Aug72; LP41094.

EVOLUTION AND THE ORIGIN OF LIFE. Communications/Research/Machines. Made
by CRM Productions. 36 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Biology today films)
NM: compilation & additions. © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.;
1Jul72; MP23046.

EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: AIRPLANES, 1919–1930. Thorne Films. 3 min., si.,
b&w, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 363) Loop film. NM:
compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 25Oct71; MP23002.

THE EXPERIMENTAL CONDITIONS. Extension Media Center, University of
California. 36 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Galapagos: Laboratory for
evolution) © Regents of the University of California; 9Feb72 (in notice:
1971); MP23317.

EXPLORING THE PLANETS. See

  SPACE.

EXTENDING THE DIVISION ALGORISM. Review Educational Films. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23257.

EXTRA CARE IN ENGINEERING. Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.;
9Oct72; LP41332.

EYE CATCHER. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

EYE-HAND COORDINATION (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 68 fr., color, 35
mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 15 p. © Teaching Resources
Corp.; 24Apr72; A378938.


                                   F

FACE FACTS. See

  LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.

FACE OF FEAR. See

  BONANZA.

FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO (Filmstrip) Educational
Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X333–A--X333–F: Tobacco. 45 fr.--Alcohol. 47 fr.--Pills and
  vapors. 44 fr.--Marijuana. 50 fr.--Hard drugs. 54 fr.--The world of
  the abuser. 54 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14264.

FALLEN WOMAN. See

  BONANZA.

FAMILIES AND HOMES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

FAMILIES IN CITIES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

FAMILY AND SERVICES SET. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

FAMILY LIFE AROUND THE WORLD. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

FAMILY LIFE IN AMERICAN HISTORY. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

FAMILY LIFE IN JAPAN. See

  JAPAN.

FAMILY LIFE IN SMALL TOWNS AND ON FARMS. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

FAMILY LIFE IN THE UNITED STATES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

FAMILY SERIES. Family and services set (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
Films/University Films. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip
guide.

  Contents; Buying goods and services. 38 fr.--Neighborhood stores. 35
  fr.--Shopping downtown. 40 fr.--The shopping center. 39
  fr.--Deliverymen.-–34 fr.--Repairmen. 36 fr.--Specialists for our
  homes. 35 fr.--City workers and services. 35 fr.

  Credits: Educational consultants, John R. Lee & Clyde F. Kohn.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 14Apr72 (in notice: 1971), JP14505; 14Apr72 (in
  notice: 1970), JP14506; 14Apr72 (in notices: 1971), JP14502, 14508,
  14504; 14Apr72 (in notices: 1970), JP14503, 14507; 14Apr72 (in notice:
  1971), JP14501.

FAMILY SERIES. History and geography set (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
Films/University Films. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide.

  Contents: Why we live in families. 43 fr.--How families change. 38
  fr.--Families and homes. 39 fr.--Families in cities. 46 fr.--Family
  life in small towns and on farms. 44 fr.--Family life in the United
  States. 39 fr.--Family life in American history. 48 fr.--Family life
  around the world. 42 fr.

  Credits: Educational consultants, John R. Lee & Clyde F. Kohn.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 14Apr72 (in notices: 1970); JP14513–14509,
  14514–14516.

A FAMINE WHERE ABUNDANCE GROWS. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

FAMOUS INDIANS. See

  THE FIRST AMERICANS.

FARMING. See

  THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO.

FASCIST DICTATORSHIPS (Filmstrip) Educational Audio Visual. 2 filmstrips
(pt. 1, 75 fr.; pt. 2, 66 fr.), color, 35 mm. With teacher’s guide, 12
p.

  Credits: General editors, Robert Fromer & Gladys Carter; writer,
  Elizabeth Lockey; picture research, Elizabeth Lockey & Beatrice
  Fuhring; design, Harry Constantine.

  © Educational Audio Visual, Inc.; 17Sep71; A360893.

FASHION, A VISUAL HISTORY (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 5 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents; Pt. 1–5: 4th to 1st century B.C. 51 fr.-–1st century B.C. to
  14th century A.D. 50 fr.-–14th, 15th, 16th centuries. 52 fr.-–17th and
  18th centuries. 48 fr.-–19th and 20th centuries. 53 fr.

  Appl. author; Gene S. Geeslin. NM: compilation.

  © Visual Aids Studio, sole owner, Gene S. Geeslin; 14Jul72; JP14170.

FASHION AND STYLE. See

  FASHION AND YOU.

FASHION AND YOU (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 3 filmstrips, color, 35
mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–3: Fashion and style. 48 fr.--Creating your own style.
  48 fr.--Collecting a wardrobe. 44 fr.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 13Jan64, JP8619.

  NM: additions & revisions.

  © Visual Aids Studio, sole owner, E. Gene Smith Geeslin; 1Jul72;
  JP14173.

FAT CITY. Rastar Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures. 96 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Leonard Gardner.

  Credits: Producer, Ray Stark; director, John Huston; music, Marvin
  Hamlisch; director of photography, Conrad Hall; film editor, Walter
  Thompson.

  Cast: Stacy Keach, Jeff Bridges, Susan Tyrrell, Candy Clark, Nicholas
  Colasanto.

  © Rastar Productions, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); LP41001.

FR. JAMES E. GROPPI, CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST. See

  CONVERSATION.

FATHERS AND SONS. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

FATHERS WORK (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: My dad is a carpenter. 38 fr.--My dad is a moving man. 45
  fr.--My dad works in a shoe store. 34 fr.--My dad works in a factory.
  39 fr.--My dad works in a supermarket. 41 fr.--My dad works in a
  service station. 33 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Rosemary Luxton; script, Lisa van Deusen;
  photographer, Hal Smith.

  Appl. author: Churchill Productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.: 7Nov68; JP14326–14325, 14321–14324.

FEAR IS FOR UNDERSTANDING. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

FEEDING AND HELPING THE NON-SEEING PERSON TO EAT. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

FEEDING PATTERNS OF INFANTS AND TODDLERS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 102.

FENSTER AND THE FUNNY FOOTPRINTS. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

FESTIVALS. See

  HOLIDAYS AND FESTIVALS IN THE CITY.

FESTIVALS AND RELIGIOUS CUSTOMS IN JAPAN. See

  JAPAN.

FETAL MONITORING TECHNIQUES. Harvey A. Gabert. 16 min., sd., b&w.
Videotape (1/2 in.) © Harvey A. Gabert; 10Dec71; MP22964.

FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made
by Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X338A-X338F: An oil well. 63 fr.--A coal mine. 62 fr.--A
  steel mill. 55 fr.--A lumber mill. 53 fr.--A nuclear plant. 49
  fr.--Science for the future, an oceanographic institute. 64 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Bertram M. Siegel; senior photographer, Skip
  Perry.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14270.

FIESTA. San Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland
Learning Associates. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © San
Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72; LP41063.

THE FIGHT. Walt Disney Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (What
should I do?) © Walt Disney Productions; 6Oct69; LP41180.

FIGHTING POLLUTION. See

  POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.

FIGURE FACTS. See

  LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.

FIGURE-GROUND DISCRIMINATION (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 74 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching
Resources Corp.; 24Apr72; A378951.

FILING AND BASIC OFFICE SYSTEMS. See

  BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.

FILM THRU FILM, NO. 5. See

  WHO IS THE CAMERA.

FILM THRU FILM, NO. 6. See

  PARALLEL ACTION.

FIND A VICTIM. See

  IRONSIDE.

FINDERS KEEPERS. See

  DISCOVERY STORIES.

FINDING A CAREER. See

  FINDING YOUR JOB.

FINDING WHAT’S RIGHT FOR YOU. See

  LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.

FINDING YOUR JOB (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips on 3 rolls, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X340A-X340F: Working for someone else. 45 fr.--What can you
  do? 45 fr.--Job shopping. 48 fr.--The job interview. 48 fr.--Getting a
  better job. 47 fr.--Finding a career. 41 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14527.

FIRE--NOT IN MY HOUSE! Alfred Higgins Productions. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 11Apr72; MP23297.

FIRST, A CHILD. Florida Diabetes Camp Corp. Made by Dept. of Medical
Illustration, University of Florida. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Arlan L. Rosenbloom. © Florida Diabetes Camp Corp. a.a.d.o.
Florida Camp for Children with Diabetes, Inc.; 14Jan72; MP23172.

THE FIRST AMERICANS (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Third level reading program)

  Contents: R–322–-R–327: Indians and their houses, 51 fr.--Indian
  crafts. 51 fr.--Indian ceremonies and legends. 50 fr.--Famous Indians.
  59 fr.--Eskimos, 54 fr.--Eskimos and their houses. 52 fr.

  © Educational Projections Corp.; 9Mar72; JP14153.

FIRST BREATH. Childbirth Educational Films. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Childbirth Education Films, Inc. (in notice: Childbirth Educational
Films, Inc.); 17Jul72; MP23241.

1ST CENTURY B.C. TO 14TH CENTURY A.D. See

  FASHION, A VISUAL HISTORY.

THE FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL. San Antonio Independent School District. Made
by Sutherland Learning Associates. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © San Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72; DP41064.

FIRST STEP. See

  LEARNING ABOUT ME.

FIRST THINGS. See

  BUT IT ISN’T YOURS.

  WHAT DO YOU DO ABOUT RULES.

FIVE CIRCUS MUSIC MAKERS. See

  THE WORLD OF THE CIRCUS.

A FIVE POUND MONKEY ON HIS STOMACH. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

FLIGHT OF APOLLO 15. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

FLIGHT TO THE FINISH. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 30Apr72;
LP41027.

FLIM FLAM FOUNTAIN. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Don Christensen; animators,
  Les Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Dal McKennon & Grace
  Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 5Jan71; LP41271.

THE FLOODING RIVER. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Hampshire Communications
Corp. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 16Mar72;
MP22897.

FLUID AND ELECTROLYTE THERAPY IN PEDIATRICS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 104.

FLYAWAY. RA Films. 12 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © RA Films, Inc.;
15Oct72; LP41204.

FLYING KITES. Noble & Noble, Publishers. Made by Materials for Today’s
Learning. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Noble & Noble,
Publishers, Inc.; 28Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22967.

THE FLYING NUN. Screen Gems. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
Based on a novel by Terre Rios. © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.

  57. The big game. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Jerome
  Courtland; writer, Clifford Goldsmith. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
  Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Hal Frederick. © 17Sep69
  (in notice: 1967); LP41045.

  58. My sister, the star. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Marc Daniels; writer, Dorothy Cooper Foote. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
  Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Paul Winchell. © 24Sep69
  (in notice: 1967); LP41046.

  59. Speak the speech, I pray you. Credits: Director, Marc Daniels;
  writer, Milt Rosen. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
  Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelly Morrison. © 1Oct69 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41047.

  60. The Paola-story. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Jerry
  Bernstein; story, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
  Madeleine Sherwood. Alejandro Rey, Chelsea Brown. © 8Oct69 (in notice:
  1967); LP41048.

  61. Marcello’s idol. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Jerome
  Courtland; writer, John L. Greene. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
  Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. © 15Oct69 (in
  notice: 1967); LP41049.

  62. Guess who’s coming to picket. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein;
  director, Harry Falk; writer, Milt Rosen. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
  Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Shelley Morrison. ©
  22Oct69 (in notice: 1967); LP41050.

  63. The not so great imposter. Credits: Director, Harry Falk; writer,
  Dorothy Cooper Foote. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
  Sherwood, Linda Dangcil, Larry Storch. © 29Oct69 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41051.

  64. A convent full of miracles. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein;
  director, Jerry Bernstein; Story, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally Field,
  Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Nehemiah Persoff. ©
  5Nov69 (in notice: 1967); LP41052.

  65. Hector and the brass bed. Credits: Director, Louis Antonio;
  writers, George Slavin & Stanley Adams. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
  Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Athena Lorde. © 12Nov69
  (in notice: 1967); LP41053.

  66. The new habit. Credits: Director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, Burt
  Styler. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood,
  Alejandro Rey, Edith Atwater. © 19Nov69 (in notice: 1967); LP41054.

  67. Bertrille and the silent flicks. Credits: Director, Harry Falk;
  writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
  Sherwood, Alberto Morin, Miriam Hopkins. © 26Nov69 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41055.

  68. A ticket for Bertrille. Credits: Director, Jerry Bernstein;
  writer, Roy Kammerman. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
  Sherwood, Lisa Gaye, Manuel Padilla. © 10Dec69 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41056.

  69. The new Carlos. Credits: Director, Oscar Rudolph; writer, Michael
  Morris. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Sandra
  Smith, Alejandro Rey. © 17Dec69 (in notice: 1967); LP41057.

  70. Dear Aggie. Credits: Director, Joseph Bernard; writer, Leo Rifkin.
  Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Alejandro Rey,
  Shelley Morrison. © 31Dec69 (in notice: 1967); LP41058.

  71. My sister, the doctor. Credits: Producer, John Epstein; director,
  Richard Kinon; writers, Michael Morris & Milt Rosen. Cast: Sally
  Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Elinor Donahue, Penny
  Stanton. © 7Jan70 (in notice: 1967); LP41034.

  72. Armando and the pool table. Credits: Director, Louis Antonio;
  writer, Michael Morris. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
  Sherwood, George Spell, John Hoyt. © 23Jan70 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41035.

  73. Hello, Columbus. Credits: Director, Ezra Stone; writer, Arnold
  Horwitt. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Mike
  Pataki, Toian Matchinga. © 30Jan70 (in notice: 1967); LP41036.

  74. The dumbest kid in school. Credits: Director, Jerome Courtland;
  writer, Roy Kammerman. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
  Sherwood, Robert Lansing, Eric Shea. © 6Feb70 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41037.

  75. Man’s best friend isn’t. Credits: Director, Jerry Bernstein;
  writer, Milt Rosen. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine
  Sherwood, Alejandro Rey, Gino Conforti. © 13Feb70 (in notice: 1967);
  LP41038.

  76. The somnaviatrix. Credits: Director, Jerry Bernstein; writer, John
  L. Greene. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood,
  Alejandro Rey, Joe de Santis. © 20Feb70 (in notice: 1967); LP41039.

  78. The candid commercial. Credits: Director, Harry Falk; writer, John
  L. Greene. Cast: Sally Fields, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood,
  Alejandro Rey, Pat Harrington. © 6Mar70 (in notice: 1967); LP41040.

  79. A gift for El Charro. Credits: Director, Lou Antonio; writer,
  Stanley Adams & George Slavin. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond,
  Madeleine Sherwood, Ben Archibek, Corinne Camacho. © 13Mar70 (in
  notice: 1967); LP41041.

  80. When generations gap. Credits: Director, Leon Benson; writer, Burt
  Styler. Cast: Sally Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Tommy
  Boyce, Bobby Hart. © 20Mar70 (in notice: 1967); LP41042.

  81. Operation population. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director,
  Jerome Courtland; writer, Arnold Horwitt. Cast: Sally Field, Marge
  Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood. Alejandro Rey, Naomi Stevens. © 27Mar70
  (in notice: 1967); LP41043.

  82. No tears for Thomas. Credits: Producer, Jon Epstein; director, Jon
  Andersen; writers, Stanley Adams & George F. Slavin. Cast: Sally
  Field, Marge Redmond, Madeleine Sherwood, Frank Silvera, Shelley
  Morrison. © 3Apr70 (in notice: 1967); LP41044.

FOOT IN THE DOOR. FilmFair Communications. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
FilmFair, Inc.; 15Nov72; MP23348.

FORECASTING. Training & Development Division, Westinghouse Learning
Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for problem solving and
decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.; 20Oct71; MP23365.

THE FOREST PRIMEVAL. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

FORMING A CAN. See

  HOW THINGS ARE MADE.

FORT DELAWARE: YESTERDAY AND TODAY (Filmstrip) Educom. 46 fr., color, 35
mm.

  Credits: Written & photographed by James & Frances Barhydt.

  © Educom, Inc.; 19Dec72; JP14627.

FOUR FLIES ON GREY VELVET. Seda Spettacoli & Universal Productions
France. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35
mm.

  Credits: Producer, Salvatore Argento; director & writer, Dario
  Argento; original story, Dario Argento, Luigi Cozzi, Mario Foglietti;
  music, Ennio Morricone; conductor, Bruno Nicolai; director of
  photography, Franco Di Giacomo; film editor, Francoise Bonnot.

  Cast: Michael Brandon, Mimsy Farmer, Jean Pierre Marielle, Francine
  Racette, Bud Spencer.

  © Seda Spettacoli, S.P.A.; 31Jul72; LP41278.

14TH, 15TH, 16TH CENTURIES. See

  FASHION, A VISUAL HISTORY.

4TH TO 1ST CENTURY B.C. See

  FASHION, A VISUAL HISTORY.

FRANCE: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color 35 mm.

  Contents: X308A-X308D: What is France? 59 fr.--Land, features and
  cities. 71 fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry. 55 fr.--Life in
  France. 55 fr.

  Credits: Photographer, Bruce Thomas.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14274.

FRANK MCGEE. See

  CONVERSATION.

FRANK ROUGHTON--A MAN POSSESSED. J. Alton Murphy. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Narrator, Ray Moore; music, Ed Kilbourne & others.

  © J. Alton Murphy; 15Jul71; MP23320.

FREE IS A FOUR LETTER WORD. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

FRENZY. Universal Pictures, Ltd. [Great Britain] Released in the U.S. by
Universal Pictures. 116 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel
Goodbye Piccadilly, farewell Leicester Square, by Arthur La Bern.

  Credits: Associate producer, William Hill; director, Alfred Hitchcock;
  screenplay, Anthony Shaffer; music composer & conductor, Ron Goodwin;
  director of photography, Gil Taylor; film editor, John Sympson.

  Cast: John Finch, Barry Foster, Barbara Leigh-Hunt, Anna Massey, Alec
  McCowen.

  © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 25May72; LF103.

FRENZY. See

  BONANZA.

FRESH-WATER RESOURCES. See

  [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]

FRESHNESS TREE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

FRIENDS. San Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland
Learning Associates. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © San
Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in notice: 1971); LP41061.

FROG JOG. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 23Apr72 (in notice: 1971);
LP41028.

FROG PRINCE. See

  TALES FROM THE GRIMM BROTHERS.

FROGS. American International Productions. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Produced in association with Peter Thomas Productions.

  Cast: Ray Milland, Adam Roarke, Sam Elliott, Joan Van Ark, Judy Pace.

  © American International Productions; 23Mar72; LP41010.

FROM ROCK TO FOREST. See

  CONCEPTS IN ECOLOGY.

FROM SAND DUNE TO FOREST. See

  CONCEPTS IN ECOLOGY.

THE FRONTIER STATES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X323–A--X323–D: Cities, geography, climate and resources of
  Alaska. 54 fr.--People, commerce and a way of life in Alaska. 50
  fr.--Cities, geography, climate and resources of Hawaii. 51
  fr.--People, commerce and a way of life in Hawaii. 49 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14266.

FUEL RESOURCES. See

  [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]

THE FUNDAMENTAL THEOREM OF CALCULUS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by,
Kaye Instruments. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
authors: Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 1Oct71; MP23311.


                                   G

GALAPAGOS: LABORATORY FOR EVOLUTION. See

  THE EXPERIMENTAL CONDITIONS.

GALATIANS: FREEDOM THROUGH CHRIST (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50 fr.,
color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the
Southern Baptist Convention, employer for hire. © Broadman Films;
27Jul72; A360149.

GALAXIES. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by Haberstroh Studio. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
7Aug72 (in notice: 1970); MP23197.

GAMBLING GAME. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE GAME. Walt Disney Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (What
should I do?) © Walt Disney Productions; 30Dec69; LP41181.

GANG WAR. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 115.

THE GARCIAS. See

  AMERICAN FAMILIES.

THE GARMENT FACTORY. See

  COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU.

GELATINIZATION OF CORNSTARCH. Iowa State University. 3 min., si., color,
16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science
& Technology; 12Mar69; MP23214.

GENE BARRY EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

GENTLE OAKS. See

  IRONSIDE.

GENTLE PEOPLE. See

  THE GENTLE PEOPLE AND THE QUIET LAND.

THE GENTLE PEOPLE AND THE QUIET LAND. BJW Productions. Distributed by
Commercial Film Co. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the books, The
gentle people & The quiet land, by James A. Warner.

  Credits: Producer, director & screenplay, Richard H. Bartlett.

  Cast: Patsy McBride, Reed Apaghian, Robert Counsel, Jeff Warren,
  Harold Ayer.

  © BJW, Ltd.; 12Mar71; LP41420.

GENTLEMAN FRIEND, See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

GEOGRAPHY AND CLIMATE OF JAPAN. See

  JAPAN.

GEOGRAPHY, CLIMATE AND NATURAL RESOURCES. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

  THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.

  THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

  THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.

GEORGE GOBEL EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

GEORGE SPEIDEL, DIRECTOR, MILWAUKEE COUNTY ZOO. See

  CONVERSATION.

GEORGIE THE JOKER. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

GET THE MESSAGE. Walt Disney Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Walt Disney Productions; 22Mar72 (in notice: 1971); MP23154.

GET YOUR MONEY’S WORTH. See

  THE PRICE IS RIGHT--OR IS IT.

GETTING A BETTER JOB. See

  FINDING YOUR JOB.

GETTING BACK ON THE HORSE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

GETTING INFORMATION FROM DATA. Training & Development Division,
Westinghouse Learning Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for
problem solving and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.:
21Oct71; MP23362.

GETTING READY FOR THE NEW BABY. See

  THE NEW BABY.

GEYSER VALLEY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Dept. of Interior, National
Park Service, Yellowstone National Park. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 23May72; MP23066.

GHETTO GIRL. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

GHOST UPSTAIRS. See

  ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.

A GIFT FOR EL CHARRO. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 79

GIFTS ARE FOR GIVING. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

GIRAFFE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Producers & photographers, Peter & Jane Chermayeff.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 6Mar72 (in notice:
  1971); MP23063.

THE GIRAFFE. Joan Davis. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Joan
Davis & Stan Davis. © Joan Davis; 20Sep72; MU8481.

GIRL AND LOAF. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

GIVE ME THAT NEW TIME RELIGION. National Spiritual Assembly of the
Baha’is of the United States. Made by Kiva Films. 21 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United
States; 22Mar72; MP22901.

GIVING A BED BATH, PT. 2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 7.

GLASSES FOR A RACCOON CHILD. See

  ANIMAL FABLES.

THE GLEAM OF THE EAGLE MIND. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

GLIDING AND SOARING. See

  SPORTS.

GLUTEN DEVELOPMENT. Iowa State University. 3 min., si., color, 16 mm. ©
Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
Technology; 4Jan72; MP23218.

GO SCOUTING. Boy Scouts of America. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Boy
Scouts of America; 10Oct72; MP23290.

GO TO THY DEATHBED. See

  A REFLECTION OF FEAR.

GODFREY CAMBRIDGE EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

GOING INTO THE HOSPITAL. See

  GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.

GOING TO THE DENTIST. See

  GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.

GOING TO THE DOCTOR. See

  GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.

GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House.
Made by Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X334A-X334–F: Going to the doctor. 38 fr.--Going to the
  dentist. 64 fr.--Going into the hospital. 51 fr.--Having an operation.
  54 fr.--Things you will see. 61 fr.--Having some stitches and getting
  a cast. 58 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, George W. Perry.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14559.

GOLDEN DOOR. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

GOOD SAMARITAN. See

  IRONSIDE.

GOODBYE LYNN. Centron Educational Films. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Centron Corp., Inc.; 13Sep72; MP23080.

GOODBYE PICCADILLY, FAREWELL LEICESTER SQUARE. See

  FRENZY.

GOODBYE, RAGGEDY ANN. Columbia Broadcasting System. 90 min., sd., color.
Videotape (2 in.)

  Credits: Producer & screenplay, Jack, Sher; director, Fielder Cook;
  music composer & conductor, Wladimir Selinsky; director of
  photography, Earl Rath; film editors, Philip W. Anderson & Gene
  Fowler, Jr.

  Cast: Mia Farrow, Hal Holbrook, John Colicos, Marlene Warfield, Ed
  Flanders.

  © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Oct71; LP41133.

A GOONEY IS BORN. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Sid Marcus; animators, Les
  Kline & others; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

  © Universal Pictures; 4Jan71; LP41270.

GOONEY’S GOOFY LANDINGS. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.
(A Walter Lantz Chilly Willy cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dale Hale; animators, Les
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voice, Daws Butler.

  © Universal Pictures; 2Mar70; LP41268.

[GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Grain Belt
Breweries. Made by Knox Reeves Advertising. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.

  Grain Belt 6, Thirst O. XGMR 1329. © 1Sep72; MP23085.

  Grill’s best friend. XGMR 1429. © 1May72; MP23084.

GRAIN BELT 6, THIRST O. See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE GRAND SWING. See

  BONANZA.

LA GRANDE VITESSE. Grand Valley State College. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Cast: Alexander Calder.

  © Grand Valley State College; 1Aug72; MP23138.

GREAT BRITAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made
by Eye Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X307A-X307D: What is Great Britain? 59 fr.--Land, features
  and cities. 59 fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry. 50 fr.--Life
  in Great Britain. 57 fr.

  Credits: Photographer, Bruce Thomas.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14275.

THE GREAT NORTHFIELD MINNESOTA RAID. Universal Pictures. 92 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Cliff Robertson, Robert Duvall, Herbert Nelson, Madeline
  Taylor-Holmes, Matt Clark.

  © Universal Pictures; 21Apr72; LP41081.

GRILL’S BEST FRIEND, See

  [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

GROCERY BOY. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE GROUNDSTAR CONSPIRACY. Universal Pictures & Hal Roach Studios
International. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on The
Alien, by L. P. Davies.

  Cast: Christine Belford, Michael Sarrazin, Jim McEachin, George
  Peppard, Alan Oppenheimer.

  © Universal Pictures & Hal Roach Studios International; 12May72;
  LP41079.

GROWING UP IN PRISON. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Patrick Trese; reporter, Floyd Kalber;
  cameraman, Scott Berner; editors, Ed Meisenhelder & Katherine Madison.

  © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 21Aug72; MP23338.

GROWING UP ON THE FARM TODAY. Centron Corp. Made by Centron Educational
Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 31Oct72;
MP23261.

THE GROWTH OF INTELLIGENCE IN THE PRE-SCHOOL YEARS. Davidson Films. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Piaget’s developmental theory) © Davidson
Films, Inc.; 5Jul72; MP23058.

GUARDIAN FOR EDDIE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

GUESS WHO’S COMING TO LUNCH. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

GUESS WHO’S COMING TO PICKET. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 62

GUILTY: BY REASON OF RACE. See

  NBC REPORTS.

THE GUMDROP GAME. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

THE GYPSY BOY’S MIRACLE. See

  CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS.


                                   H

H TO M. See

  THE ALPHABET CITY.

HACKSAW, PT. 1–2. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

HAMMER. United Artists Corp. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Al Adamson; director, Bruce Clark; screenplay,
  Charles Johnson; director of photography, Bob Steadman; film editor,
  George Folsey, Jr.

  Cast: Fred Williamson, Bernie Hamilton, Vonetta McGee, William Smith,
  Charles Lampkin.

  © United Artists Corp.; 15Sep72; LP41343.

HAMMERSMITH IS OUT. J. Cornelius Crean Films. 120 min., sd., color, 35
mm.

  Credits: Director, Peter Ustinov.

  Cast: Beau Bridges, Peter Ustinov, Anthony Holland, Richard Burton,
  Elizabeth Taylor.

  Appl. author: John C. Crean.

  © J. Cornelius Crean Films, Inc.; 25May72; LP41084.

THE HAND THAT WOULD NOT OPEN. Abracadabra Enterprises Corp. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Abracadabra Enterprises Corp.; 23Jun71; LP40998.

HANDS AND THINGS. See

  READING WITH RIDDLES.

HANNIE CAULDER. Tigon British Film Productions [England] Released in the
U.S. by Paramount Pictures Corp. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.
Based on characters created by Ian Quicke & Bob Richards.

  Credits: Producer, Patrick Curtis; director, Burt Kennedy; screenplay,
  Z. X. Jones; music composer & conductor, Ken Thorne; director of
  photography, Edward Scaife; film editor, Jim Connock.

  Cast: Raquel Welch, Robert Culp, Ernest Borgnine, Strother Martin,
  Diana Dors.

  © Tigon British Film Productions, Ltd.; 14Nov71; LF100.

HAPPINESS IS HARRIET. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

HAPPY LION. See

  THE HAPPY LION AND THE BEAR.

  THE HAPPY LION’S QUEST.

  THE HAPPY LION’S TREASURE.

  THE THREE HAPPY LIONS.

THE HAPPY LION AND THE BEAR (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University
Films. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. Based on the Happy lion books, written by
Louise Fatio & illustrated by Roger Duvoisin.

  Credits: Producers & art directors, Marvin L. Reiter & Ed Dahlin.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  Appl. states prev. pub. 7Jul64 & reg. A712475. NM: additions.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 18Aug72 (in notice: 1971); JP14484.

THE HAPPY LION’S QUEST (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University Films.
39 fr., color, 35 mm. Based on the Happy lion books, written by Louise
Fatio & illustrated by Roger Duvoisin.

  Credits: Producers & art directors, Marvin L. Reiter & Ed Dahlin.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  Appl. states prev. pub. 10Jul61 & reg. A511677. NM: additions.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 18Aug72 (in notice: 1971); JP14485.

THE HAPPY LION’S TREASURE (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University
Films. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. Based on the Happy lion books, written by
Louise Fatio & illustrated by Roger Duvoisin.

  Credits: Producers & art directors, Marvin L. Reiter & Ed Dahlin.

  Appl. author: McGraw Book Co.

  Appl. states prev. pub. abroad 4Jan71. NM: additions.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 18Aug72 (in notice: 1971); JP14482.

HARD DRUGS. See

  FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.

THE HARE AND THE TORTOISE. See

  ANIMAL FABLES.

HASP FOR OPERATORS. Blue Cross of Northeastern New York. 4 motion
pictures, sd., b&w. Videotape (1/2 in.)

  Contents: 1–4: 25 min.-–33 min.-–34 min.-–24 min.

  Credits: Producer, Kenneth M. Kroth. © Blue Cross of Northeastern New
  York, Inc.; 1Jul72; MP23331–23334.

HAVE A NICE WEEKEND. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 75.

HAVE YOU FELT HURT. See

  TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY.

HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS, MY FRIEND? National Spiritual Assembly of the
Baha’is of the United States. Made by Kiva Films. 24 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United
States; 22Mar72; MP22900.

HAVE YOU WANTED TO BE ALONE. See

  TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY.

HAVING AN OPERATION. See

  GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.

HAVING SOME STITCHES AND GETTING A CAST. See

  GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.

HE WAS ONLY SEVEN. See

  BONANZA.

HEALTH-ILLNESS: A CONTINUUM. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 98.

THE HEART: ATTACK. Communications/Research/Machines. Made by CRM
Productions. 27 min., sd. color, 16 mm. (Life and health films) NM:
compilation & additions. © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.;
1Jul72; MP23048.

THE HEART: COUNTERATTACK. Communications/Research/Machines. Made by CRM
Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Life and health films) NM:
compilation & additions. © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.;
1Jul72; MP23047.

HECTOR AND THE BRASS BED. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 65

HELLO, COLUMBUS. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 73

HELLO, MISS BESSINGER, GOODBYE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

HELPING YOUR BOSS GET MORE DONE. See

  BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.

HENRY O. TANNER. Corsair Films. Distributed by Walt Disney Educational
Materials Co. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Trend Release. Appl. author:
Corsair Films, Inc., employer for hire. © Walt Disney Educational
Materials Co.; 1Mar71; LP41186.

HERE COMES THE CIRCUS PARADE. See

  THE WORLD OF THE CIRCUS.

HERITAGE OF APOLLO. See

  WHO? WHAT? WHEN? WHERE? WHY?

HEROES & HEROIN. American Broadcasting Companies. 52 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, David Buksbum; director & writer, Av Westin;
  narrators, Frank Reynolds, Harold Tukner, Ron Miller.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 3Aug71; MP22911.

HEY, THAT’S ME! (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 29 fr., color, 35 mm.
With sound recording (separately reg. as N2071)

  Credits: Script, Jean Schneider; art, Joseph DeVelasco.

  © Concordia Pub. House: 1Sep72; JP14481.

HI-RISE WISE GUYS. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dale Hale; animators, Les
  Kline & Al Coe; music, Walter Greene; voices, Dal McKennon & Grace
  Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 1Aug70; LP41269.

HICKEY & BOGGS. Film Guarantors. Released by United Artists Corp. 111
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Fouad Said; director, Robert Culp; writer, Walter
  Hill; music composer & conductor, Ted Ashford; director of
  photography, Wilmer Butler; film editor, David Berlatsky.

  Cast: Bill Cosby, Robert Culp, Rosalind Cash, Sheila Sullivan, Isabel
  Sanford.

  © United Artists Corp.; 30Aug72; LP41144.

HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE (Filmstrip) Eye
Gate House. Made by Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X300A-X300E: The bet. 55 fr.--Christmas presents. 61
  fr.--The empty playground. 60 fr.--How Grandpa came into the money. 49
  fr.--Dead of night. 56 fr.--The spider. 61 fr.

  Credits: Stories, Anita Linke; consulting editor, William Jassey;
  senior photographer, John H. Hopkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14558.

HIGHPOCKETS FIGHTS AIR POLLUTION. David Jones, Jr. 1 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Creator & animator, David Jones, Jr.

  © David Jones, Jr.; 10Oct72; MU8484.

HIJACKED. See

  SKYJACKED.

HIKING. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE HIRED HAND. Pando Co. Released by Universal Pictures. 90 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Brown, Lifton & Weiss.

  Credits: Producer, William Hayward; director, Peter Fonda; writer,
  Alan Sharp; music composer & performer, Bruce Langhorne; director of
  photography, Vilmos Zsigmond; film editor & montages, Frank Mazzola.

  Cast: Peter Fonda, Warren Oates, Verna Bloom, Robert Pratt, Severn
  Darden.

  © Universal Pictures & Pando Co., Inc.; 16Jul71; LP41080.

HIS FIDDLERS THREE. See

  IRONSIDE.

HISS AND HERS. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Co. © United
Artists Corp.; 3Jul72; LP41098.

HISTORY AND CULTURES. See

  SEEING THE PACIFIC ISLANDS.

HISTORY OF STYLE AND VOGUE. See

  LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.

HOBO. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

HOLIDAY PLEDGE. See

  [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

HOLIDAY SERIES. Set 1 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films & University Films.
4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Christmas. 38 fr.--Columbus Day. 65 fr.--Hanukkah. 46
  fr.--Thanksgiving. 47 fr.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Aug72; JP14400–14403.

HOLIDAYS. See

  HOLIDAYS AND FESTIVALS IN THE CITY.

HOLIDAYS AND FESTIVALS IN THE CITY (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, by Edward Dubrowsky, 1 v.

  Contents: Holidays. (Pt. 1–2, 54 fr. each)--Festivals. (Pt. 1–2, 54
  fr. each)

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 6Mar72; A375466.

HOLLAND: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X310A-X310D: What is Holland? 65 fr.--Land, features,
  cities. 56 fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry. 54 fr.--Life in
  Holland. 66 fr.

  Credits: Photographer, Bruce Thomas.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14276.

HOLLYWOOD: THE DREAM FACTORY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. A Ronox production.

  Credits: Producers, Irwin Rosten & Bud Friedgen; writer, Irwin Rosten;
  music orchestrator & conductor, George Romanis; original photography,
  John A. Alonzo & James Wilson; film editors, Bud Friedgen & Pieter S.
  Hubbard.

  NM: compilation & additions.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 10Jan72; LP41190.

HOME DECORATION SERIES. Set 1 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University
Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Elements and principles of design. 79 fr.--Selecting
  furniture, pt. 1. 107 fr.--Selecting furniture, pt. 2. 78
  fr.--Arranging furniture. 76 fr.

  Credits: Producer & writer, Karen Frankel; educational consultant,
  Joan Long.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 5Jul72 (in notices: 1971); JP14518–14521.

HOME DECORATION SERIES. Set 2 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University
Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Selecting tableware. 87 fr.--Selecting fabrics. 67
  fr.--Lighting. 93 fr.--Decorating: an individual approach. 68 fr.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Aug72 (in notices: 1971); JP14548–14546, 14549.

A HOME FOR JAMIE. See

  BONANZA.

THE HOMECOMING. Columbia Broadcasting System. 120 min., sd., color.
Videotape (2 in.)

  Credits: Film by Earl Hamner, Jr.; music composer & conductor, Jerry
  Goldsmith; director of photography, Earl Rath; film editors, Marjorie
  Fowler & Gene Fowler, Jr.

  Cast: Patricia Neal, Andrew Duggan, David Huddleston, Woodrow Parfrey,
  Sally Chamberlin.

  © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Dec71; LP41134.

HOMEOKINESIS AND ADAPTATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 96.

THE HOPELESS. Monroe-Williams Productions. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, David Monroe Gentile; director, photographer &
  editor, Ron Williams.

  © Monroe-Williams Productions; 1Apr71; LP41008.

HORTON HEARS A WHO! Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. A Cat in the Hat presentation.

  Credits: Producers, Chuck Jones & Ted Geisel; director, Chuck Jones;
  teleplay, Dr. Seuss; narrator, Hans Conried; animators, Ben Washam &
  others; music composer & conductor, Eugene Poddany; editor, Jim Faris.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 19Mar70; LP41135.

HOSPITAL. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

THE HOT ROCK. Landers-Roberts. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the novel by Donald
E. Westlake.

  Credits: Producers, Hal Landers & Bobby Roberts; director, Peter
  Yates; screenplay, William Goldman; music, Quincy Jones; director of
  photography, Ed Brown; film editors, Frank P. Keller & Fred W. Berger.

  Cast: Robert Redford, George Segal, Ron Liebman, Paul Sand, Moses
  Gunn.

  © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 9Feb72; LP41019.

HOUGHTON-MIFFLIN READING PROGRAM. See

  DECODING LANGUAGE IN GRAPHEMIC FORM BY MEANS OF GRAPHEME-PHONEME
  CORRESPONDENCES, CONTEXTUAL CLUES, AND DICTIONARY SYMBOLS.

HOUSEKEEPING. See

  DUST MOPPING.

HOUSES. See

  HOW TO BUILD THINGS.

HOUSING. See

  THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO.

HOW. See

  THE WHYS AND HOWS OF STUDENT FILMMAKING.

HOW BUDGETS WORK. See

  DOLLARS AND SENSE.

HOW DO WE LOOK? San Antonio Independent School District. Made by
Sutherland Learning Associates. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © San Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in notice:
1971); LP41060.

HOW DO YOU KNOW IF IT’S REALLY LOVE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

HOW FAMILIES CHANGE. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

HOW GRANDPA CAME INTO THE MONEY. See

  HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.

HOW IT FEELS. See

  DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.

HOW IT LOOKS. See

  DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.

HOW IT MOVES. See

  DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.

HOW IT SOUNDS. See

  DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.

HOW MONEY GOES ROUND AND ROUND. See

  DOLLARS AND SENSE.

HOW MONEY IS MADE. See

  DOLLARS AND SENSE.

HOW PEOPLE LIVE. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

  THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.

  THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

  THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.

HOW TAXES WORK. See

  DOLLARS AND SENSE.

HOW THE SQUIRREL SAVED THE GRAPES. See

  ANIMAL FABLES.

HOW THEY CHANGED. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

HOW THEY LIVED. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.

HOW THINGS ARE MADE (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X315A-X315F: Assembling a car. 53 fr.--Forming a can. 48
  fr.--Processing soup. 49 fr.--Creating a movie or T.V. program. 58
  fr.--Making clothing. 50 fr.--Crafting a chair. 59 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Judith H. Russell; senior photographer, John
  Hopkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14280.

HOW THINGS FEEL. See

  DID YOU KNOW.

HOW THINGS LOOK. See

  DID YOU KNOW.

HOW TO BUILD THINGS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X324–A--X324–F: Houses. 53 fr.--Skyscrapers. 52 fr.--Cities.
  58 fr.--Roads. 55 fr.--Bridges. 62 fr.--Ships. 66 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco.

  Appl. ti.: How we build things.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14265.

HOW TO BUY A USED CAR. See

  CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.

HOW TO BUY CLOTHES. See

  CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.

HOW TO BUY FOOD. See

  CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.

HOW TO GET MONEY FROM A BANK. Royal Bank of Canada. 9 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Your money matters)

  Credits: Producer & director, Roy Korst; writer, Bruce Martin; music,
  Howard Shore; camera, Fred Guthe; stills, Paul Appelby; editor,
  Havelock Gradidge.

  Cast: Hart Pomerantz, Liza Creighton, Ted Turner.

  © Royal Bank of Canada; 21Aug72; MU8489.

HOW TO KEEP MAMMALS IN THE CLASSROOM. See

  CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.

HOW TO KEEP PLANTS IN THE CLASSROOM. See

  CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.

HOW TO KEEP REPTILES IN THE CLASSROOM. See

  CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.

HOW TO MAKE A FRESH WATER AQUARIUM. See

  CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.

HOW TO MAKE A SALT WATER AQUARIUM. See

  CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.

HOW TO MAKE A TERRARIUM. See

  CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.

HOW TO MAKE A WOMAN. Polymorph Films. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. An
adaptation of the play.

  Credits: Producer & editor, Alvin Fiering.

  © Polymorph Films, Inc.; 15Jun72; LP41082.

HOW TO OPERATE YOUR MEMO-MATIC KNITTING MACHINE FROM SINGER. Lesson no.
1 (Filmstrip) International Consumer Products Group Research &
Development Laboratory. 60 fr., color, 35 mm. © Singer Co.; 21Oct72;
JP14486.

HOW WE BORROW MONEY. See

  DOLLARS AND SENSE.

HOW WE BUILD THINGS. See

  HOW TO BUILD THINGS.

HOW WE FEEL. See

  CLOUDS AND RAIN AND THINGS.

HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
Troll Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Respiratory system. 44 fr.--Circulatory system. 44
  fr.--Muscle & skeletal system. 45 fr.--Nervous system. 46
  fr.--Digestive system. 44 fr.--Reproductive system. 44 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Apr72; JP14528.

THE HUMANITIES: A SEARCH FOR MEANING. McGraw-Hill Films. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The humanities series) Produced in collaboration with
Paul Falkenberg Films. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
Inc.; 24Mar72 (in notice: 1971); MP23055.

HUMANITIES SERIES. See

  THE HUMANITIES: A SEARCH FOR MEANING.

  SCIENCE AND SOCIETY.

HUNTERS ARE FOR KILLING. Cinema Center Films. 120 min., sd., color.
Videotape (2 in.)

  Credits: Producer, Hugh Benson; director, Bernard Girard; writer,
  Charles Kuenstle; music, Jerry Fielding; film editor, Edward Mann.

  Cast: Burt Reynolds, Melvyn Douglas, Suzanne Pleshette, Larry Storch,
  Martin Balsam.

  © Cinema Center Films; 9Mar70; LP41032.

THE HURDLER. New York Times Co. & Arno Press. Made by Rediscovery
Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jeff Mullin; director, Bill Buckley; writer, Tracy
  Sugarman; music, Jeff Fuller; photographer, Jeri Sopanen.

  © New York Times Co.; 31Dec69; LP41200.

HUSBAND AND WIFE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]


                                   I

I.A.D. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 155.

I AIN’T GOIN’ BACK. University of Texas School of Public Health. Made by
KUHT-TV. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Executive producer, D. Blair Justice.

  © D. Blair Justice; 19Oct72; MU8491.

I.C. A SHRINKING WORLD. Audio/Visual Media Dept., Bell Telephone
Laboratories. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Bell Telephone Laboratories,
Inc.; 1Dec70; MP23192.

I CAN READ SIGNS (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With Teacher’s guide, 7 p.

  Contents: Signs around the city. 46 fr.--Signs with numbers. 45
  fr.--Signs of warning. 42 fr.--Signs of transportation. 41 fr.

  Appl. author: Edward Dubrowsky.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 4Dec69; A375467.

I THOUGHT YOU THOUGHT. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

THE ICARUS WISH. Byron D. Bauer. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Byron D.
Bauer; 1Sep72 (in notice: 1971); LP41422.

IDENTIFICATION (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. & S.A. Made by Training
Dept., World Headquarters. 90 fr., color, 35 mm. (Big Jeff’s casefile,
no. 2) © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 3Jul72; JP14478.

IDENTIFYING YOUTH’S VALUES (Filmstrip) Pioneer Girls. 73 fr., color, 35
mm. With Influencing value formation in youth (separately reg. as
A387807) © Pioneer Girls; 3Apr72; JP14557.

IF A BODY SEE A BODY. See

  IRONSIDE.

IF YOU LABEL IT THIS, IT CAN’T BE THAT. Natural Bridge Productions.
Distributed by FilmFair Communications. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
FilmFair, Inc.; 15Oct72; MP23350.

IF YOU WERE PRESIDENT. Franciscan Communications Center. 1 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Franciscan Communications Center; 29Sep72; MP23121.

I’M NEW HERE. See

  LEARNING ABOUT ME.

I’M THE BOSS. See

  LEARNING ABOUT ME.

IMPORTANT WORD IS “AND.” See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

IMPROVE YOUR PRONUNCIATION. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 27Apr72; MP23284.

IN SEARCH OF THE LOST WORLD. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Released by
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. A Ronox production. Produced in
association with ABC News.

  Credits: Producers, Barbara Jampel & Howard Campbell; director, Howard
  Campbell; narration written by Nicolas L. Noxon; story by Barbara
  Jampel; narrator, H. G. Marshall; director of photography, Erik
  Daarstad; film editor, Marvin Walowitz.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 17Apr72; LP41311.

IN THE EYE OF THE BEHOLDER. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

IN THE EYES OF GOD. See

  DAN AUGUST.

IN THE LINE OF DUTY. See

  IRONSIDE.

INDIAN ARTISTS OF THE SOUTHWEST. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 23May72; MP23070.

INDIAN CEREMONIES AND LEGENDS. See

  THE FIRST AMERICANS.

INDIAN CRAFTS. See

  THE FIRST AMERICANS.

INDIAN CRAFTS OF THE SOUTHWEST (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 606–1–-606–4: Navajo rug weaving. 45 fr.--Acoma pottery
  making. 44 fr.--Making Hopi kachina dolls. 39 fr.--Papago basket
  weaving. 40 fr.

  Credits: Author & photographer, John Running.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 20Nov72; JP14629–14628, 14630, 14635.

INDIANS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 25.

INDIANS AND THEIR HOUSES. See

  THE FIRST AMERICANS.

INDICATIONS FOR PHOTOPATCH TESTING. Pt. 1. Institute for Dermatologic
Communication & Education. Made by C.O.R.T. Motion Pictures. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Allergic photocontact dermatitis) Appl. authors:
Marion Sulzberger & Roberta Z. Sulzberger. © Institute for Dermatologic
Communications [i.e. Communication] & Education; 1Dec71 (in notice:
1972); MP23081.

INDUSTRIAL WASTES. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

INDUSTRIES OF JAPAN. See

  JAPAN.

INDUSTRY. See

  THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO.

  WATER AND HOW WE USE IT.

INDUSTRY, AGRICULTURE AND COMMERCE. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

  THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.

  THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

  THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.

INFLUENCES ON CHILDREN. See

  CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT SERIES.

INFLUENCING VALUE FORMATION IN YOUTH. See

  IDENTIFYING YOUTH’S VALUES.

INITIAL CONSONANT REVIEW. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

INNER CITY DWELLER: WORK, Indiana University, Audio-Visual Center. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm, © Indiana University; 18Oct72; MP23293.

INSTRUCTIONAL/MODEL. See

  DEVELOPING CHILDREN’S ORAL LANGUAGE: PRIMARY LEVELS.

  ORGANIZING INDEPENDENT LEARNING: PRIMARY LEVEL.

INSTRUMENTAL REQUIREMENTS. See

  BASIC ATOMIC ABSORPTION.

INTELLECTUAL DEVELOPMENT OF CHILDREN. See

  CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT SERIES.

INTERACTION ANALYSIS. Research Foundation of the City University of New
York. Made by Guidance Laboratory, City University of New York. 27 min.,
sd. Videotape (1/2 in.)

  Credits: Producer-director, Bert Flugman.

  © Research Foundation of the City University of New York; 30Jul72;
  MP23169.

INTERFAITH WITNESS (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. Released by Broadman
Films. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 3Apr72;
A367790.

INTERPLANETARY SPACE TRAVEL. See

  SPACE.

INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 4. Review Educational Films.
9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 25Sep72; MP23256.

INTRODUCTION. See

  DEVELOPING CHILDREN’S ORAL LANGUAGE: PRIMARY LEVELS.

  ORGANIZING INDEPENDENT LEARNING: PRIMARY LEVEL.

INTRODUCTION: RELATIONSHIPS AND THEORY (Filmstrip) Communication Skills
Corp. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. (Basic liquid chromatography, program 4001)

  Credits: Writer, Karl J. Bombaugh.

  © Communication Skills Corp.; 27Mar72; JP14158.

AN INTRODUCTION TO AMERICAN INDUSTRY (Filmstrip) Robert M. Swerdlow. 29
fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Artwork, Herbert Rogoff.

  © Robert M. Swerdlow; 4Aug72; JP14242.

INTRODUCTION TO ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House.
Made by Educational Direction. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Consulting editor, William Jassey; narrator, Elsa Calderon;
  senior photographer, Richard Duning.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14561.

INTRODUCTION TO MASS SPECTROMETRY AND INSTRUMENTATION (Filmstrip)
Communication Skills Corp. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. (Basic mass
spectrometry, program 5001)

  Credits: Writer, John Dillard.

  © Communication Skills Corp.; 27Mar72; JP14160.

INVESTIGATING HIBERNATION: THE GOLDEN MANTLED GROUND SQUIRREL.
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 5May72; MP23069.

INVESTORS. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR (Filmstrip) Macmillan
Co. Made by Foto du Monde. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 46 p.

  Contents: 1–5: Panorama. 67 fr.--Vida hispanica. 61 fr.--Mercados y
  comidas, 59 fr.--Trabajos y diversiones, 62 fr.--Transportacion, y la
  fiesta brava. 62 fr.

  Credits: Consultant, Zenia Sacks Da Silva; photographer, Francois
  Vikar.

  © Macmillan Co.; 10Jul72; JP14374–14378.

INVITATION TO MURDER. See

  DAN AUGUST.

THE IRON BUTTERFLY. See

  BONANZA.

IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 55 min.
each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Harbour-UTV.

  Achilles’ heel. Credits: Director, Raymond Burr; writers, Frank
  Telford & Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr, William Windom, Rick Lenz.
  © 14Feb72; LP41282.

  And then there was one. Credits: Director, Arnold Laven; writers, Fred
  Freiberger & Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don Galloway, Don
  Mitchell, Elizabeth Baur. © 17Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41301.

  Bubble, bubble, toil and murder. Credits: Director, Chris Nyby, Jr.;
  writer, Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Jodie Foster, Lee Paul, Rod Serling. ©
  31Jan72; LP41281.

  But when she was bad. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director,
  Corey Allen; writer, Alvin Boretz. Cast: Raymond Burr, Suzanne
  Pleshette, Dane Clark, Johnny Seven, Don Galloway. © 27Dec71; LP41298.

  Class of ’57. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director, James
  Neilson; writers, Robert Earll &; Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr,
  Marlyn Mason, Don Galloway, Charles Robinson, Fredd Wayne. © 14Dec71;
  LP41296.

  Contract: kill Ironside. Credits: Director, Don Weis; writers, Stephen
  & Elinor Karpf. Cast: Raymond Burr, James Olson, Don Galloway, Don
  Mitchell, Phillip Pine. © 20Sep71; LP41284.

  Dear Fran. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Don Weis;
  writer, Edward DeBlasio. Cast: Raymond Burr, Elizabeth Baur, Victor
  Holchak, Christine Belford, Anthony James. © 9Nov71; LP41291.

  Death by the numbers. Credits: Director, Don Weis; writer, Francine
  Carroll. Cast: Raymond Burr. © 24Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41302.

  Find a victim. Credits: Director, Chris Nyby, Jr.; writers, Irv
  Pearlberg & Max Hodge. Cast: Raymond Burr, Pat Hingle, Morgan Paull. ©
  10Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41300.

  The gambling game. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Don
  Weis; writer, Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr, Bobby Darin, Elizabeth
  Baur, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 4Oct71; LP41286.

  Gentle oaks. Credits: Director, Robert Clouse; writers, Michael
  Fisher, Edward DeBlasio & Alfred Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Ruth Roman,
  Elizabeth Baur, Don Galloway, Harry Townes. © 22Nov71; LP41293.

  Good Samaritan. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director, Leslie H.
  Martinson; writer, Frank Telford. Cast: Raymond Burr, Michael Callan,
  Don Galloway, Diana Muldaur. © 23Nov71; LP41294.

  His fiddlers three. Credits: Director, Alf Kjellin; writer, Edward
  DeBlasio. Cast: Raymond Burr, Tim Matheson, Paul Koslo, Barry Higgins,
  Kathy Lloyd. © 28Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41303.

  If a body see a body. Credits: Director, Don McDougall; writers, Max
  Hodge & Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Don Galloway, Lee Harcourt
  Montgomery, Beth Brickell, Warren Berlinger. © 15Nov71; LP41292.

  In the line of duty. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Don
  McDougall; writer, Mark Rodgers. Cast: Raymond Burr, Vera Miles,
  Brandon de Wilde, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 18Oct71; LP41288.

  Joss sticks and wedding bells. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller;
  director, Leslie Martinson; writer, Marty Roth. Cast: Raymond Burr,
  Miko Mayama, Soon-Taik Oh, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 25Oct71;
  LP41289.

  License to kill. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director, Don
  Weis; writers, Donn Mullally & Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr, David
  Carradine. © 29Nov71; LP41295.

  A man named Arno. Credits: Director, Don Weis; writers, Helen McAvity,
  Max Hodge & Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr, Anne Francis, Nico
  Minardos, Elizabeth Baur. © 6Mar72; LP41283.

  Murder impromptu. Credits: Producer, Albert Aley; director, Don Weis;
  writers, Max Hodge, John McGreevey & Albert Aley. Cast: Raymond Burr,
  Barbara Hale, Roddy McDowall, Joey Forman. © 1Nov71; LP41290.

  No motive for murder. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director,
  Leslie H. Martinson; writer, Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr, James
  Shigeta, George Takei, Lloyd Kino. © 20Dec71; LP41297.

  The professionals. Credits: Producer, Winston Miller; director, Don
  Weis; writers, Winston Miller & Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Raymond Burr,
  James Drury, Johnny Seven, Don Galloway, Don Mitchell. © 27Sep71;
  LP41285.

  Ring of prayer. Credits: Producer, Douglas Benton; director, Don Weis;
  writer, Jack Morse. Cast: Raymond Burr, Barbara Rush, Ray Walston,
  Paul Stewart, Don Galloway. © 11Oct71; LP41287.

  Unreasonable facsimile. Credits: Director, Don Weis; writer, Merwin
  Gerard. Cast: Raymond Burr, Burgess Meredith, Frank Aletter, Susan
  Seaforth. © 3Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41299.

IRRIGATION. See

  WATER AND HOW WE USE IT.

IS ANYONE TO BLAME. See

  TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY.

IS THE SKY FALLING (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 7 fr., color, 35
mm. With Romans handbook for faith, teachers guide, red/blue high school
no. 32–2142 (separately reg. as A375098) Photos courtesy of American
Institute of Architects & Religious News Service. NM: compilation. ©
Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14300.

THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 6
filmstrips (39 fr. each), color, 35 mm. With guide, 26 p.

  Contents: Location and
  land.--Industry.--Housing.--People.--Farming.--Cities.

  Appl. author: Edward Dubro[w]sky.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 19Jun72; A378998.

IT’S ALL WRITE WITH ME. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

IT’S JUST THE BEGINNING. National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of
the United States. Made by Kiva Films. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United States; 30Jan71
(in notice: 1970); MP22899.

IT’S NOT ALL MAGIC, MR. MARKS. Royal Bank of Canada. 9 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Your money matters)

  Credits: Producer & director, Roy Korst; writer, Bruce Martin; music,
  Howard Shore; camera, Fred Guthe; stills, Paul Appelby; editor,
  Havelock Gradidge.

  Cast: Alan Dean, Liza Creighton, Carole Robinson, Hildegarde Greve.

  © Royal Bank of Canada; 21Aug72; MU8486.


                                   J

J IS FOR JESUS, J IS FOR JOY (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 56 fr.,
color, 35 mm. A Communico production. With sound recording (separately
reg. as N2774)

  Credits: Script, Keith C. Fox & Robert A. Sitze; artist, Don L.
  Kueker; photographer, Jack Kelleher.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14534.

THE JACKSONS. See

  AMERICAN FAMILIES.

JAMES DRURY EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

JAMES HOUSTON: THE VISION BEYOND THE MASK. Silver Burdett Co. Made by
Davidson Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Writers on writing) ©
General Learning Corp.; 15Nov72; MP23307.

JAPAN (Filmstrip) Doubleday Multimedia. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Art and recreation in Japan. 79 fr.--Family life in Japan.
  66 fr.--Festivals and religious customs in Japan. 63 fr.--The
  geography and climate of Japan. 82 fr.--The industries of Japan. 92
  fr.--Transportation and communication in Japan. 63 fr.

  © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 16Oct72; JP14600, 14594, 14601, 14598–14597,
  14602.

JARMO. See

  THE EMERGENCE OF COMPLEX SOCIETIES.

JAROSLAV PELIKAN. See

  CONVERSATION.

JASON. Film Dynamics. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Howard
Koppelman. © Film Dynamics; 28Jun72; LP41023.

JEAN FRANCOIS REVEL, AUTHOR. See

  CONVERSATION.

JEFFRIES-JOHNSON 1910. Bill Kimberlin. 21 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. NM:
compilation, additional cinematographic work, narration & music. © Bill
Kimberlin; 15Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41006.

JERRY LEWIS EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

JESUS FORGIVES A SINFUL WOMAN (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. Made by
John D. Firestone & Associates. 13 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Art, Chas. Platt; script, Marion Wolpert.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 25Jan72; JP14168.

JILL ST. JOHN EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

JILLY. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

JIM KANE. See

  POCKET MONEY.

JIMMY. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

JOB HUNTING: WHERE TO BEGIN (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Discussion guide, 42 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1. Locating job opportunities. 70 fr.--Pt. 2. Making
  choices. 82 fr.

  Credits: Writer, Cecile Spearman; consultant, Richard Greenfield;
  photographer, Wil Blanche; editor, Jean Robbins.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of William J. Donnelly (discussion guide) & Cecile Spearman.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 20Jun72; A350111.

JOB INTERVIEW. See

  FINDING YOUR JOB.

JOB SHOPPING. See

  FINDING YOUR JOB.

JOBS FOR YOU: IT’S HAPPENING IN HOME ECONOMICS (Filmstrip) American Home
Economics Assn. Made by Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.
113 fr., color, 35 mm. With Discussion guide, 41 p.

  Credits: Producer, Michele Murdock; editor, James Relyea; writer,
  Arthur Kaplan; photographer, Jim Theologos.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, as
  production group & as employer for hire of Mabel Techet (discussion
  guide) & Arthur Kaplan.

  © American Home Economics Assn.; 20Sep72; A370560.

JOBS IN PRINTING (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. Made by
Bratton-Tomlison Productions. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With handbook,
11 p.

  Contents: Layout and graphic design. 37 fr.--Typesetter. 36
  fr.--Lithographic cameraman. 34 fr.--Photoengraver. 35 fr.--Offset
  pressman. 34 fr.--Letterpress operator. 33 fr.--Bookbinding. 35
  fr.--Assistant production manager. 34 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, James E. Ryan.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 10Jul72;
  JP14306.

JOBS IN THE CITY: MASS MEDIA. Centron Educational Films. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 28Jun72; MP22938.

JOBS IN THE CITY: MEDICAL AND HEALTH. Centron Educational Films. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 10Jul72; MP22947.

JOE KIDD. Malpaso Co, Released by Universal Pictures. 88 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, Sidney Beckerman; director, John Sturges; writer,
  Elmore Leonard; music, Lalo Schifrin; director of photography, Bruce
  Surtees; film editor, Ferris Webster.

  Cast: Clint Eastwood, Robert Duvall, John Saxon, Don Stroud, Stella
  Garcia.

  © Universal Pictures & Malpaso Co.; 12Jul72; LP41089.

JOHN HUGHES. Christian Science Board of Directors. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 25Aug72; MU8476.

JOHN KENNETH GALBRAITH, ECONOMIST. See

  CONVERSATION.

JOSE GRECO, SPANISH DANCER. See

  CONVERSATION.

JOSS STICKS AND WEDDING BELLS. See

  IRONSIDE.

JOURNEY TO SUN BEARER’S HOUSE. See

  A VISIT TO THE FATHER.

JULIUS TOBIAS, SCULPTOR. See

  CONVERSATION.

JUSTIN MORGAN HAD A HORSE, PT. 1–2. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. 1971–72 series.


                                   K

THE KANGAROO. Joan Davis. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Joan Davis;
18Sep72; MU8482.

KANSAS CITY BOMBER. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. A Levy-Gardner-Laven-Raquel Welch-Artists Entertainment
Complex production.

  Credits: Producer, Marty Elfand; director, Jerrold Freedman;
  screenplay, Thomas Rickman & Calvin Clements; music, Don Ellis;
  director of photography, Fred Koenekamp; film editor, David Berlatsky.

  Cast: Raquel Welch, Kevin McCarthy, Helena Kallianiotes, Norman Alden,
  Jeanne Cooper.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 14Aug72; LP41033.

KARATE STORY. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

KAREN. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

KEYS AND THINGS. See

  READING WITH RIDDLES.

KIFARU: THE BLACK RHINOCEROS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. A Ronox production.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Irwin Rosten; narrator, E. G.
  Marshall; music composer & conductor, Elmer Bernstein; director of
  photography, Erik Daarstad; film editor, Bud Friedgen.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 12Nov70; LP41138.

KILLING THE MONSTER GIANT. See

  A VISIT TO THE FATHER.

KINDS OF PEOPLE. See

  DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.

KING HENRY THE FIFTH. Two Cities Films [England] Released by Eagle Lion
Films. 137 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Laurence Olivier; text editor, Alan
  Dent; music, William Walton; conductor, Muir Matheson; director of
  photography, Robert Krasker; editor, Reginald Beck.

  Cast: Laurence Olivier, Robert Newton, Leslie Banks, Renee Asherson,
  Esmond Knight.

  © Two Cities Films, Ltd. & General Film Distributors, Ltd.; 5Jan45;
  LF99.

KING IS DEAD. See

  DAN AUGUST.

KITES. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

KITTY FROM THE CITY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, James J. Smith; story, Dalton Sandifer; animators,
  Virgil Ross & others; music, Walter Greene; voice, Grace Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 6Sep71; LP41276.


                                   L

LADY LIBERTY. United Artists Corp. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Carlo Ponti; director, Mario Monicelli; screenplay,
  Leonard Melfi, Suso Cecchi D’Amico & Don Carlos Dunaway; director of
  photography, Alfio Contini.

  Cast: Sophia Loren, Luigi Proietti, William Devane, Beeson Carroll,
  Bill Daprato.

  © United Artists Corp.; 17May72 (in notice: 1971); LP41105.

LADY SINGS THE BLUES. Motown Productions, Weston Associates & Furie
Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 147 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Panavision. Based on the book by Billie Holiday & William Bufty.

  Credits: Producers, Jay Weston & James S. White; director, Sidney J.
  Furie; screenplay, Terence McCloy, Chris Clark & Suzanne de Passe;
  music score, Michel Legrand; director of photography, John Alonzo;
  editor, Argyle Nelson.

  Cast: Diana Ross, Billy Dee Williams, Richard Pryor, James Callahan,
  Paul Hampton.

  © Jobete Music Co., Inc., Motown Productions, Weston Associates, Inc.
  & Furie Productions, Inc.; 6Oct72; LP41419.

LAKE KONSTANZ KALEIDOSCOPE. United Artists Corp. 9 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © United Artists Corp.; 20Sep72; LP41143.

LAND AND THE SOIL. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.

LAND DIVIDED. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

LAND, FEATURES AND CITIES. See

  CANADA: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  FRANCE: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  GREAT BRITAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  HOLLAND: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  SPAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  SWEDEN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  WEST GERMANY: A REGIONAL STUDY.

LAND, FEATURES AND LIFE. See

  PUERTO RICO: A REGIONAL STUDY.

LAND POLLUTION. See

  POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.

LANDS AND TRIBES. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

THE LANGUAGE OF GRAPHS. Coronet Instructional Films. 16 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 7Feb72; MP23076.

LAST FLOWER. See

  THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN.

LAST KNOWN ADDRESS (Dernier domicile connu) Cite Films, Valoria Films,
Parme Productions, Simar Films & Rizzolie Films. Released by Valoria
Films. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based d’apres le roman de Joseph
Harrington. Appl. states prev. pub. 1970. NM: revisions, re-editing &
English subtitles. © Chartwell Films, Ltd.; 25Feb72; LP41176.

THE LAST MOVIE. Alta-Light. Released by Universal Pictures. 108 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Paul Lewis; director, Dennis Hopper; screenplay,
  Stewart Stern; music, Kris Kristofferson & others; director of
  photography, Laszlo Kovacs; film editors, David Berlatsky & Antranig
  Mahakian.

  Cast: Dennis Hopper, Stella Garcia, Samuel Fuller, Daniel Ades, Thomas
  Milian.

  © Universal Pictures & Alta-Light, Inc.; 29Sep71; LP41148.

THE LAST REBEL. Spangler Pictures. Released by Columbia Pictures. 88
min., sd., color, 35 mm. In association with Glendinning Films & U.S.
Capital Corp.

  Credits: Producer, Larry G. Spangler; director, Denys McCoy; writer,
  Warren Kiefer; music, Jon Lord; director of photography, Carlo
  Carlini.

  Cast: Joe Namath, Jack Elam, Woody Strode, Ty Hardin, Victoria George.

  © Orten Associates; 1Aug71 (in notice: 1970); LP41000.

LAW. See

  DAN AUGUST.

LAYOUT AND GRAPHIC DESIGN. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.

LEARNING ABOUT ME (Filmstrip) Q-ED Productions. 5 filmstrips, color, 35
mm.

  Contents: Different shapes. 52 fr.--First step. 42 fr.--I’m new here.
  46 fr.--Borrowed friendship. 42 fr.--I’m the boss. 40 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Edward D. Eagle; writer-director, Michael Halperin;
  graphic arts, Vaccaro Associates/Lee Story.

  © Cathedral Films, Inc.; 26Jun72; JP14245.

LEARNING ABOUT THE WORLD BENEATH THE WAVES. See

  THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS.

LEARNING AND GROWING & LEARNING. Far West Laboratory for Educational
Research & Development. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The toy-lending
library) © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development;
31Dec71; MP23054.

LEARNING FOR A LIFETIME: THE ACADEMIC CLUB METHOD. See

  DEVELOPING READING READINESS PROGRAMS.

  PROGRAMMING FOR SUCCESS: THE TEACHER AS CLUB LEADER.

  TEACHING HISTORY, GEOGRAPHY, CIVICS.

LED BY THE SPIRIT (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 98 fr., color, 35
mm. A Communico production for Concordia. With sound recording.
(separately reg. as N2493) and teachers kit, red 4^l, no. 32–2973,
(separately reg. as A380112) © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14459.

LEFTY, THE DING-A-LING LYNX, PT. 1–2. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. 1971–72 series.

THE LEGEND OF AMALUK. Jerry Fairbanks Productions. Released by Yukon
Pictures. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jerry Fairbanks; director, James P. Connor; writer,
  Leo S. Rosencrans; narrator, Lorne Greene; original music, A.
  Correlle; photographers, Frank Whaley & Jack Steely; film editor,
  William Lieb.

  Cast: Amaluk, Sivalu, Kala, Ootak, Utukalee.

  © Jerry Fairbanks Productions; 25Aug72; LP41083.

LEGEND OF BEFANA. See

  CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS.

THE LEGEND OF NIGGER CHARLEY. Spangler & Sons Pictures. Released by
Paramount Pictures Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
historical research of C. Eric Lincoln.

  Credits: Producer, Larry G. Spangler; director, Martin Goldman;
  scriptwriters, Larry G. Spangler & Martin Goldman; director of
  photography, Peter Eco; editor, Howard Kuperman.

  Cast: Fred Williamson, D’Urville Martin, Don Pedro Colley, Gertrude
  Jeanette, Marcia McBroom.

  © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 15May72; LP41013.

LEMRAS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 26.

LEONARDO DA VINCI. Corsair Films. Distributed by Walt Disney Educational
Materials Co. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Trend Release. Appl. author:
Corsair Films, Inc., employer for hire. © Walt Disney Educational
Materials Co.; 6Aug71; LP41187.

LESS-CASH TRANSACTIONS (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. & S.A. Made by
Training Dept., World Headquarters. 89 fr., color, 35 mm. (Big Jeff’s
casefile, no. 5) © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 14Aug72; JP14472.

LET THE BUYER BEWARE. See

  CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.

LET’S MAKE A DEAL. See

  THE PRICE IS RIGHT--OR IS IT.

LET’S PASS AS FRIENDS, EMERGENCY REACTION DRIVING. Liberty Mutual
Insurance Co. Made by DFI Communications. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Liberty Mutual Insurance Co. (in notice: Liberty Mutual Insurance
Companies); 24Apr72; MP22902.

LET’S VISIT A CIRCUS MUSEUM. See

  THE WORLD OF THE CIRCUS.

LETTER NAME REVIEW. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

LETTER OF JOY. See

  REJOICE.

LETTERPRESS OPERATOR. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.

LEXICON. See

  PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS.

LIA. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

THE LIBRARY CARD. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

LICENSE TO KILL. See

  IRONSIDE.

LIFE: A UNIQUE PHENOMENON (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X325–A--X325–D: What is life? 51 fr.--Energy and life. 46
  fr.--Adaptations for life. 52 fr.--Perpetuating life. 50 fr.

  Credits: General editor, John E. Klimas.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14268.

LIFE AND HEALTH FILMS. See

  ALCOHOLISM: A MODEL OF DRUG DEPENDENCY.

  DEPENDENCE: A NEW DEFINITION.

  THE HEART: ATTACK.

  THE HEART: COUNTERATTACK.

THE LIFE CYCLE OF A BIGHORN SHEEP (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 66 fr.; pt. 2, 76 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Life cycles of
common animals, 444–1–-444–2)

  Credits: Author-photographer, James K. Morgan.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 11Aug71; JP14171–14172.

LIFE CYCLES OF COMMON ANIMALS. See

  THE LIFE CYCLE OF A BIGHORN SHEEP.

LIFE IN A LOG. See

  CONCEPTS IN ECOLOGY.

LIFE IN A NEW ENGLAND TOWN. See

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

LIFE IN A POND. See

  CONCEPTS IN ECOLOGY.

LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. Made
by Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: The Mayflower experience. 37 fr.--The Plymouth plantation.
  37 fr.--Colonial food. 41 fr.--Colonial shelter and defense. 45
  fr.--Colonial crafts. 44 fr.--Religion, education, recreation and
  government. 39 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Morris Gall.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP14467.

LIFE IN [VARIOUS COUNTRIES] See:

  CANADA: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  FRANCE: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  GREAT BRITAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  HOLLAND: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  PUERTO RICO: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  SPAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  SWEDEN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  WEST GERMANY: A REGIONAL STUDY.

LIFE SPAN. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Distributed by Journal
Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Elizabeth I.
Werrenrath.

© Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 1Sep72; MP23127.

LIGHT, STRONG AND BEAUTIFUL. Kaiser Aluminum & Chemical Corp. Made by
Francis Thompson, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, Neil Tardio.

  © Kaiser Aluminum & Chemical Corp.; 24Mar71; MP23056.

LIGHTING. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

LIGHTS AND MORE LIGHTS (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 26 fr., color,
35 mm.

  Credits: Photography by Stephen Richie.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14225.

LION. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producers & photographers, Peter & Jane Chermayeff.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 1Jun72 (in notice:
  1971); MP23062.

LITHOGRAPHIC CAMERAMAN. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.

A LITTLE AND A LOT. See

  DID YOU KNOW.

LITTLE FIR TREE. See

  CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS.

LITTLE GET-TOGETHER FOR CISSY. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIEND. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

LITTLE LEAGUE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

LITTLE LEN LEE. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

LITTLE LOU AND HIS STRANGE LITTLE ZOO. Pt. 1–6 (Filmstrip) Urban Media
Materials. 6 filmstrips (39 fr. each), color, 35 mm. With guide.

  Credits: Writer & illustrator, Mark Rubin.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 6Sep70; A375461.

LITTLE RED. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

LITTLEST ANGEL. See

  CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS.

LITTLEST KIDNAPPER. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

LIVER & OLIVES. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE LIVING FILTER. Pennsylvania State University. Made by Dept. of
Public Information, Pennsylvania State University & Hornbein-Wood Films.
17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pennsylvania State University; 30Aug72;
MP23340.

LIVING WITH A GROWING BABY. See

  THE NEW BABY.

LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Heathertel Enterprises. Distributed by CPM
Programs. Approx. 23 min. each, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Produced
in association with U.S. Coast Guard & U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary. ©
Heathertel Enterprises, Inc.

  Show no.

  13. The test. 48 min. Credits: Producer, Lawrence Jacobson; director,
  James A. Love; writers, Norman Weissman & Dick Kirkpatrick; music,
  Robert Allen; director of photography, Victor Valenzio. © 29Jan72;
  MP23041.

LOAF OF BREAD, BAR OF SOAP, JAR OF PEANUT BUTTER. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

LOAN SHARKS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 174.

LOCATING JOB OPPORTUNITIES. See

  JOB HUNTING: WHERE TO BEGIN.

LOCATION AND LAND. See

  THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO.

LOCATION: OVER & UNDER & IN BETWEEN. See

  DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.

LOCH NESS MONSTER. See

  STRANGE PHENOMENA.

LONE COWBOY. See

  SHOOT OUT.

THE LONELY MAN. See

  BONANZA.

THE LONELY WEEKEND. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

A LONG TRIP TO YESTERDAY. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

LONG [VOWEL] SOUNDS. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

A LOOK AT CHEMICAL CHANGE. McGraw-Hill Films & Hanna-Barbera
Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 7Aug72 (in notice: 1969); MP23312.

LOOK OF FRESHNESS. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

LOOK UNDER THE RUG. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. Made by Tatham-Laird &
Kudner. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Director, Gene Sultan.

  Cast: Joan Rivers.

  © Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.: 16Oct72; MP23171.

LOOKING AT THE OCEAN. See

  THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS.

LOOKING FOR THE LOST (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 62 fr., color, 35
mm. A Family Films production. With sound recording (separately reg. as
N2252) Adapted from a script by Margaret Wold.

  Credits: Artists, Carol Marshall & Joan Paulsen.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14445.

LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X331A-X331F: A history of style and vogue. 49 fr.--Finding
  what’s right for you. 49 fr.--Face facts. 55 fr.--Figure facts. 45
  fr.--Putting it together so it works. 51 fr.--Doing it all on a
  budget. 52 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Judith H. Russell; senior photographer, John
  H. Hopkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14524.

LORI. see

  MATT LINCOLN.

THE LOSERS. Calvin Communications. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Positive
shortage prevention) © Calvin Communications, Inc.; 1Aug72; MP23264.

LOVE AND HISSES. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Co. ©
United Artists Corp.; 3Aug72; LP41096.

LOVE IS A FLOWER. See

  LOVE MINUS ONE.

LOVE IS A NICKEL BAG. See

  DAN AUGUST.

LOVE IS FOR SHARING. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

LOVE MINUS ONE. Iota Productions. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
an original story, Love is a flower, by Gabriel E. Gyorffy.

  Credits: Producer, Kelly Ross; director & writer, Gabriel Gyorffy;
  music, Denny Vaughan; director of photography, Henning Schellerup.

  Cast: Jill Janssen, Mark Bond, Tony Ridio, Jim Bays, Fred West.

  © Iota Productions; 25Sep72 (in notice: 1971); LP41306.

LOVE’S BEAUTIFUL MOMENTS. Selco. 8 min., sd. Videotape (2 in.) Appl.
author: Joe Walsh. © Selco, Inc.; 24Aug72; LP41202.

LUCKY DAY. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

LUMBER MILL. See

  FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.

THE LUNATIC. Centron Educational Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Centron Corp., Inc.; 21Sep72; MP23126.

LUNCH MONEY. Walt Disney Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (What
should I do?) © Walt Disney Productions; 9Jul70; LP41182.


                                   M

MACRAME. Price-Howard Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Edward H. Braun. © Edward H. Braun t.a. Price-Howard
Productions; 31Jan72; MP23083.

MADE FOR EACH OTHER. Wylde Films Corp. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Roy Townshend; director, Robert B. Bean; writers,
  Renee Taylor & Joseph Bologna; music, Trade Martin; editor, Sonny
  Mele.

  Cast: Renee Taylor, Joseph Bologna, Paul Sorvino, Olympia Dukakis.

  © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 10Dec71; LP41309.

MAFIA. American International Pictures. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
From the book Day of the owl, by Leonardo Sciascia.

  Cast: Claudia Cardinale, Franco Nero, Lee J. Cobb, Nehemiah Persoff.

  © American International Pictures, Inc.; 7Apr72 (in notice: 1969);
  LP41009.

THE MAGIC MRS. RICKLES. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

THE MAGICAL COQUI (EL COQUI MAGICO) (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials.
49 fr., color, 35 mm. (Bilingual stories, series 1) With Teacher’s
guide, 10 p.

  Credits: Writer, Blanca Ortiz; illustrator, Henry Siwek.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 6Apr72; A375463.

MAGNETISM FROM ELECTRICITY. Doubleday Multimedia. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Doubleday Multimedia; 18Nov70; MP23140.

MAGNETS, MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY. McGraw-Hill Films. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc.
Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 5Jul72 (in
notice: 1970); MP23313.

THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN RIDE! Mirisch Productions. Released by United
Artists Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, William A. Calihan; director, George McCowan;
  writer, Arthur Rowe; music, Elmer Bernstein; photographer, Fred
  Koenkampe; film editor, Walter Thompson.

  Cast: Lee Van Cleef, Stefanie Powers, Michael Callan, Pedro
  Armendariz, Jr., Mariette Hartley.

  © Mirisch Productions, Inc.; 19Jul72; LP41102.

MAGNIFYING GLASS. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

MAKE YOUR OWN BIKINI. Viking Sewing Machine Co. Made by Low &
Associates. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Anyone can sew stretch fabrics)
© Low & Associates, Inc. & Viking Sewing Machine Co., Inc.; 26Jun72;
MP23326.

MAKE YOUR OWN DOUBLE-KNIT PANTS. Viking Sewing Machine Co. Made by Low &
Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Anyone can sew stretch fabrics)
© Low & Associates, Inc. & Viking Sewing Machine Co., Inc.; 26Jun72;
MP23327.

MAKE YOUR OWN KNIT T-SHIRT. Viking Sewing Machine Co. Made by Low &
Associates. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Anyone can sew stretch fabrics)
© Low & Associates, Inc, & Viking Sewing Machine Co., Inc.; 26Jun72;
MP23337.

MAKING A SIMPLE ELECTRIC MOTOR. Pt. 1–2. Doubleday Multimedia. 2 motion
pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Doubleday
Multimedia; 18Nov70; MP23141–23142.

MAKING CHOICES. See

  JOB HUNTING: WHERE TO BEGIN.

MAKING CLOTHING. See

  HOW THINGS ARE MADE.

MAKING HOPI KACHINA DOLLS. See

  INDIAN CRAFTS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

MAKING NEW FRIENDS. See

  SASH.

THE MAKING OF BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID. Yale University, 43
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Narrator, George Roy Hill.

  Appl. author: Robert Crawford. NM: all new except for excerpts.

  © Yale University; 1Jan70; MP23059.

THE MAN. American Broadcasting Companies. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corp. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Lorimar production. Based on the
novel by Irving Wallace.

  Credits: Producer, Lee Rich; director, Joseph Sargent; story &
  screenplay, Rod Serling; music, Jerry Goldsmith; director of
  photography, Edward C. Rosson; film editor, George Nicholson.

  Cast: James Earl Jones, Martin Balsam, Burgess Meredith, Lew Ayres,
  Barbara Rush.

  © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 31Dec71; LP41337.

MAN. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

MAN AGAINST FATE. See

  CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.

MAN AGAINST HIMSELF. See

  CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.

MAN AGAINST MAN. See

  CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.

MAN AGAINST NATURE. See

  CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.

MAN AGAINST SOCIETY. See

  CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.

MAN AND THE FOREST. See

  DECORATIVE WOODS AND FUEL.

  NATIVE TRANSPLANTS AND CRUDE DRUGS.

MAN AND THE MOON. See

  SPACE.

MAN BETWEEN. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 36.

THE MAN CALLED EDISON. Spectra Pictures Corp. Made by Sterling
Educational Films. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The Movies, our modern
art) Appl. author: James Limbacher. Appl. states prev. pub. 1894 through
1930. NM: compilation & additions. © Spectra Pictures Corp.; 10Feb72 (in
notice: 1970); MP23148.

THE MAN HUNTERS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Produced in association with Time-Life Books.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Nicolas L. Noxon; narrator, E.
  G. Marshall; music score composer & conductor, Leonard Rosenman;
  director of photography, Andre Gunn; film editor, Bud Friedgen.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 17Feb70; LP41140.

MAN NAMED ARNO. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE MANDELS. See

  AMERICAN FAMILIES.

MAN’S BEST FRIEND ISN’T. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 75

MANUFACTURED MAN. See

  DAN AUGUST.

THE MANY FACES OF CONCERN. Project Concern. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
NM: abridgement, revision & narrative. © Project Concern, Inc.; 1Feb72
(in notice: 1971); MP23343.

MANY HAPPY RETURNS. Association for Research & Enlightenment. 9 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Association for Research & Enlightenment, Inc.;
2Sep72; LP41205.

MARCELLO’S IDOL. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 61

MARIJUANA. See

  FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.

MARTHA RAYE EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS. Universal Pictures. 128 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, Hal B. Wallis; director, Charles Jarrott;
  screenplay, John Hale; music composer & conductor, John Barry;
  director of photography, Christopher Challis; film editor, Margaret
  Furse.

  Cast: Vanessa Redgrave, Glenda Jackson, Patrick McGoohan, Timothy
  Dalton, Nigel Davenport.

  © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 22Dec71; LP41086.

THE MARY R. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

MASTER TECHNICIANS SERVICE CONFERENCE. See

  CRICKET AND COLT CARBURETORS.

  ELECTRIC DOOR AND TAILGATE LOCKS AND ELECTRIC WINDOWS.

  1973 CLEANER AIR SYSTEM HIGHLIGHTS.

  THE 1973 1 1/4″ BBD CARBURETOR.

  SPEED CONTROL & CONCEALED HEADLIGHTS.

  TODAY’S TIRES, FACTS AND FIXES.

MATHEW BRADY AND THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip). Imperial Film Co. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 617–1–-617–4: The war begins. 49 fr.--The war expands. 50
  fr.--Turning point. 51 fr.--The war ends. 48 fr.

  Credits: Author, William F. Keefe.

  NM: compilation.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 30Aug72; JP14488, 14491–14489.

MATING DANCE FOR TENDER GRASS. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

MATT LINCOLN. Universal City Studios & Vincent Edwards Productions.
Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc. & Vincent Edwards Productions, Inc.

  Adam. Credits: Director, Marc Daniels; teleplay, Jean Holloway. Cast:
  Vince Edwards, Katherine Crawford, Natalie Schafer, Johnny Scott Lee.
  © 20Dec70; LP41077.

  Angie. Credits: Director, Jeffrey Hayden; teleplay, Jean Holloway.
  Cast: Vince Edwards, Dean Jagger, Linda Morand, Sandy Kenyon, Don
  Keefer. © 15Nov70; LP41073.

  Billy. Credits: Director, Corey Allan; teleplay, Pat Fielder. Cast:
  Vince Edwards, Darren McGavin, Chelsea Brown, George Spell, Jean
  Allison. © 6Dec70; LP41075.

  Charles. Credits: Director, Ralph Senesky; teleplay, Edward J. Lakso.
  Cast: Vince Edwards, Martin Sheen, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain,
  Felton Perry. © 27Sep70; LP41193.

  Christopher. Credits: Director, Vince Edwards; teleplay, Jean
  Holloway. Cast: Vince Edwards, John Rubinstein, Dan Tobin, Christine
  Belford, Ivor Barry. © 10Jan71; LP41068.

  Doc. Credits: Director, Gerald Mayer; teleplay, Henry Misrock. Cast:
  Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain, David Wayne, Pamela
  McMyler. © 8Nov70; LP41072.

  Jilly. Credits: Director, Abner Biberman; teleplay, Jean Holloway.
  Cast: Vince Edwards, Barbara Feldon, Jeffrey Lynn, Tom Simcox. ©
  18Oct70; LP41194.

  Jimmy. Credits: Director, Seymour Robbie; teleplay, Sy Salkowitz & Al
  Ruben. Cast: Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain, Guy
  Stockwell, Julie Gregg. © 27Dec70; LP41078.

  Karen. Credits: Director, Jeannot Szwarc; teleplay by Sidney Ellis &
  Sy Salkowitz. Cast: Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain,
  Hilarie Thompson, Tim Matheson. © 3Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP41067.

  Lia. Credits: Director, Marc Daniels; teleplay, Jean Holloway. Cast:
  Vince Edwards, Dean Jagger, Katherine Crawford, Dan Tobin, Reta Shaw.
  © 13Dec70; LP41076.

  Lori. Credits: Director, Seymour Robbie; teleplay, Sy Salkowitz &
  Preston Wood. Cast: Vince Edwards, Mary Layne, Andrew Prine, Chelsea
  Brown, Michael Larrain. © 1Nov70; LP41195.

  Nick. Credits: Director, Allen Reisner; teleplay, Preston Wood & Don
  Ingalls. Cast: Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain, Pete
  Duel, Joan Van Ark. © 25Oct70; LP41071.

  Nina. Credits: Director, Robert Day; teleplay, Hal Sitowitz. Cast:
  Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain, Felton Perry, Belinda
  Montgomery. © 4Oct70; LP41069.

  Sheila. Cast: Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain, Felton
  Perry, Patty Duke. © 20Sep70; LP41192.

  Steve. Credits: Director, Gerald Mayer; writers, Preston Wood, Robert
  Collins & Andy White. Cast: Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael
  Larrain, Barry Brown, Brenda Scott. © 11Oct70; LP41070.

  Yumiko. Credits: Director, Allen Reisner; teleplay, Sy Salkowitz.
  Cast: Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Michael Larrain, Miko Mayama, Jeff
  Pomerantz. © 29Nov70; LP41074.

THE MATTER WITH ME. Monroe-Williams Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: Producer, David Monroe Gentile; director, photographer &
  editor, Ron Williams.

  © Monroe-Williams Productions; 15Oct71; LP41007.

MAXIMA AND MINIMA. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye Instruments. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey &
Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct71; MP23310.

MAYFLOWER EXPERIENCE. See

  LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.

ME. Centron Educational Films. Made by Phoenix Productions. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Phoenix Productions; 13Sep72; MP23260.

THE MEADOW. See

  ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES.

MEAL TICKET. See

  DAN AUGUST.

MEAN VALUE THEOREMS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. ©
Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP23298.

A MEANS OF ASSISTANCE TO AMBULATION: CRUTCH WALKING. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 68.

THE MECHANIC. United Artists Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producers, Irwin Winkler & Robert Chartoff; director, Michael
  Winner; screenplay, Lewis John Carlino; music, Jerry Fielding;
  director of photography, U.S., Richard Kline; director of photography,
  Europe, Robert Paynter; supervising editor, Freddie Wilson.

  Cast: Charles Bronson, Jan Michael Vincent, Keenan Wynn, Jill Ireland,
  Linda Ridgeway.

  © United Artists Corp.; 8Nov72; LP41342.

MECHANICAL SEAL INSTALLATION. Marshall Maintenance. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 10Aug72; MP23051.

THE MEDICAL PROFESSION: SOME THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW. See

  SALES ORIENTATION.

MEETING THE AMERICAN JEW (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. 79 fr., color,
35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the
Southern Baptist Convention, employer for hire. © Broadman Films;
7Aug72; A358246.

MELINDA. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Director of photography, Wilmer C. Butler.

  Cast: Calvin Lockhart, Rosalind Cash, Vonetta McGee, Paul Stevens,
  Rockne Tarkington.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 15Aug72; LP41280.

MEMBER OF THE WEDDING. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

MEMORY: AUDITORY AND VISUAL (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 63 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching
Resources Corp.; 10Jul72; A378946.

MEMOS, MAIL AND THE TELEPHONE. See

  BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.

MENOMINEE INDIAN HERITAGE. Gordon A. Bubolz. 1 reel, color. © Gordon A.
Bubolz; 30May72; MU8469.

MERCADOS Y COMIDAS. See

  INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR.

THE METRIC SYSTEM. Pt. 1–2. Stanley Works, Stanley Tools Educational
Dept. Made by Visual Instruction Productions. 2 motion pictures (13 min.
each), sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. states prev. pub. 15Jan72,
MP22879–22890. NM: compilation, abridgement & editorial revision. ©
Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 12Jan72; MP23329–23330.

METROPOLITAN AIRPORT. See

  AIRPORT SERVICE.

MEXICO: AN ECONOMY IN TRANSITION. Doubleday Multimedia. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia; 19Apr72; MP23147.

MICHAEL LANDON EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

MICHAEL NOVAK, PROFESSOR. See

  CONVERSATION.

MICHAEL O’HARA THE FOURTH, PT. 1–2. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. 1971–72 series.

MICHAEL O’MANNERLY AND THE CHRISTMAS TOADSTOOLS. See

  CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS.

MICKEY ROONEY EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

MICROSCOPIC SPECIMENS: A RESOURCE UNIT (Filmstrip) Educational
Direction. Made by Eye Gate House. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Credits: General editor, Bertram M. Siegel.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14285.

THE MIGRANT WORKER (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
York. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 61 fr.; pt. 2, 70 fr.), color, 35 mm. With
Discussion guide, 42 p., & Student manual, 12 p.

  Credits: Writer, Elaine Magalis; photographer, Richard Bellak; editor,
  Bob Knox.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Elaine Magalis.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 21Aug72; A362773.

MIGUEL AND HIS MAGIC MARKS. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

MIKE CONNORS EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

MILES TO GO. Young World Development. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Produced in association with Parke-Randall Productions.

  Credits: Writer, Perry Muckerheide.

  © American Freedom from Hunger Foundation; 1Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
  MP22904.

MILITANTS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 76.

MILLIE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

MIND OVER MATTER. See

  STRANGE PHENOMENA.

MINERALS AND ROCKS. See

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.

MINICOURSE 2. See

  DEVELOPING CHILDREN’S ORAL LANGUAGE: PRIMARY LEVELS.

MINICOURSE 8. See

  ORGANIZING INDEPENDENT LEARNING: PRIMARY LEVEL.

MINNIE AND MOSKOWITZ. Faces Music. Released by Universal Pictures. 115
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Al Ruban; director & writer, John Cassavetes;
  musical supervisor, Bo Harwood; photographers, Arthur J. Ornitz, Alric
  Edens & Michael Margulies; editor, Fred Knudtson.

  Cast: Gena Rowlands, Seymour Cassel, Val Avery, Tim Carey, Katherine
  Cassavetes.

  © Universal Pictures & Faces Music, Inc.; 22Dec71; LP41146.

MISSING CHILD. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 55.

MRS. LIVINGSTON, I PRESUME. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

MRS. PEABODY’S BEACH. Dave Bell Associates. Distributed by Walt Disney
Educational Materials Co. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Trend Release.
Appl. author: Dave Bell Associates, Inc., employer for hire. © Walt
Disney Educational Materials Co.; 29Jul71; LP41185.

MIXTURES: LIQUIDS. Doubleday Multimedia. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 14Jun71; MP23145.

MIXTURES: SOLIDS. Doubleday Multimedia. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 14Jun71; MP23146.

MIXTURES: SOLIDS--LIQUIDS. Doubleday & Co. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday
& Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 14Jun71; MP22961.

MOD COUPLE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

MODEL 1080 SPEED CHECK (Filmstrip) Reliance Electric Co. Made by Toledo
Scale Training Dept. 75 fr., color, 16 mm. (Sight sound training, lesson
no. 11) Filmstrip loop. © Reliance Electric Co.; 7Dec72; JU13211.

MODERN OBSTETRICS: PRE-ECLAMPSIA--ECLAMPSIA. American Medical Assn. &
American College of Obstetricians & Gynecologists. Sd., color, 16 mm.
Sponsored under a grant from Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp. © Ortho
Pharmaceutical Corp. (in notice: Ortho Pharmaceutical Co.); 1May72;
MP22948.

MONEY IS A FIVE LETTER WORD. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

MONEY IS THE MEDIUM. See

  CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.

MONEY TALKS. Allen Funt Productions. Released by United Artists Corp. 81
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, Allen Funt; music & lyrics, Mark Barkan;
  arranger & conductor, Garry Sherman.

  © Allen Funt Productions, Inc.: 21Jul72; LP41104.

MONEY TALKS; or, You’ve got to have a plan man! (Filmstrip) Money
Management Institute, Household Finance Corp. 93 fr., color, 35 mm.
Appl. author: Shari G. Bryant. © Household Finance Corp., Money
Management Institute (in notice: Household Finance Corp.); 27Nov72;
JP14587.

MONGO’S BACK IN TOWN. Bob Banner Associates. 90 min., sd., color. (The
New CBS Friday night movies) Videotape (2 in.) From the novel by E.
Richard Johnson.

  Credits: Producer, Tom Egan; director, Marvin Chomsky; teleplay,
  Herman Miller; music, Mike Melvoin; director of photography, Arch R.
  Daizell; film editor, Howard Smith.

  Cast: Telly Savalas, Sally Field, Joe Don Baker, Charles Cioffi, Anne
  Francis.

  © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Dec71; LP41179.

MORE THAN A MATTER OF MONEY. Royal Bank of Canada. Made by Creative
Sight & Sound Co. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Royal Bank of Canada;
21Aug72; MU8488.

MORNING AIRPORT. FilmFair Communications. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
FilmFair, Inc.; 21Nov72; MP23351.

MOSSES AND LIVERWORTS. See

  PLANT CLASSIFICATION.

MOTHER OF THE YEAR. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

MOTHERS AND DAUGHTERS. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

MOTHERS WORK TOO (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35
mm.

  Contents: My mother is a waitress. 35 fr.--My mother is a dental
  assistant. 33 fr.--My mother works in a bank. 37 fr.--My mother works
  in an office. 35 fr.--My mother works in a drug store. 33 fr.--My
  mother works at home. 42 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Rosemary Luxton; script writer, Lisa Van Deusen;
  photographers, Hal Smith & John Morrill.

  Appl. author: Churchill Productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 24Oct68; JP14357–14356, 14352–14355.

MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION--CONTINUITY I. Eastman Kodak Co. 4 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Eastman Kodak Co.; 14Sep72 (in notice: 1971); MP23190.

MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION--CONTINUITY II. Eastman Kodak Co. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Eastman Kodak Co.; 14Sep72 (In notice: 1971); MP23191.

MOTIVATION--THE TEST OF LEADERSHIP. American Management Assn. 29 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The basic principles of supervisory management,
session 7) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP22981.

THE MOUNTAIN. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

MOUNTAIN BORN. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. 1971–72 series.

MOVE. Benchmark Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Vilma Berarducci;
1Mar72; MP22940.

MOVEMENTS OF THE JAW & THROAT: BRANCHIAL MOTOR SYSTEM. Teaching Films.
14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain function) ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 3Nov72; MU8500.

MOVIES, OUR MODERN ART. See

  THE MAN CALLED EDISON.

MULTIPLE SLIT INTERFERENCE. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., b&w, Super 8
mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Russell K. Hobble. © University of
Minnesota; 31Dec71; MP23301.

MULTIPLICATION. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Distributed by Journal
Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Beginning mathematics) Appl. author:
Elizabeth Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Nov72;
MP23321.

MULTIPLY AND SUBDUE. Hadley Properties. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Hadley Properties, Inc.; 6Jul70; MP23328.

MULTIPLYING POLYNOMIALS. See

  TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.

MURDER BY PROXY. See

  DAN AUGUST.

MURDER IMPROMPTU. See

  IRONSIDE.

MURDER OF A SMALL TOWN. See

  DAN AUGUST.

MUSCLE. Communications/Research/Machines. Made by CRM Productions.
24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Biology today films) ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jul72; MP23043.

MUSCLE & SKELETAL SYSTEM. See

  HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.

MY BABY SISTER NEEDS ME. See

  THEY NEED ME.

MY DAD [OCCUPATION] See

  FATHERS WORK.

MY DOG NEEDS ME. See

  THEY NEED ME.

MY FRANKENMUTH. James Slayden Associates. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: Thomas G. Hubbard. © James Slayden Associates; 8Nov72;
MU8502.

MY FRIENDS NEED ME. See

  THEY NEED ME.

MY MOTHER AND FATHER NEED ME. See

  THEY NEED ME.

MY MOTHER [OCCUPATION] See

  MOTHERS WORK TOO.

MY RED UMBRELLA (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 29 fr., color, 35 mm.
With guide, 1 v. From the book by Robert Bright, adapted by Kristine
Holm & Isa Wickenhagen. NM: compilation & adaptation. © Weston Woods
Studios, Inc.; 15Oct72; A387830.

MY SISTER, THE DOCTOR. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 71

MY SISTER, THE STAR. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 58.

MY SON, THE ARTIST. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

MY WORD. Lewis H. Gould. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lewis H. Gould;
13Nov72; MU8496.

MYTHS AND CEREMONIES. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.


                                   N

NBC REPORTS. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color,
16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  Guilty: By reason of race. Telecast: Sept. 19, 1972. Credits: Producer
  & reporter, Robert Northshield; director, Fred Flamenhaft; filmed by
  Henry Kokojan; editors, George Johnson & Jean Venable. © 15Sep72;
  MP23339.

  Pensions: the broken promise. Credits: Producer & writer, David
  Schmerler; film editors, Bernard Braun & Otto Pfeffer. © 5Sep72;
  MP23303.

NBC WHITE PAPER. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  The blue collar trap. Telecast: June 27, 1972. Credits: Producer &
  writer, Fred Freed; director, Darold Murray; reporter, Alvin Davis;
  cameraman, Dexter Alley; film editors, William Lockhart & Mary Ann
  Martin. © 22Jun72; MP22962.

N TO T. See

  THE ALPHABET CITY.

NAMES OF THINGS. See

  DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.

NAPOLEON AND SAMANTHA. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena
Vista Distribution Co. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Winston Hibler; director, Bernard McEveety; writer,
  Stewart Raffill; music, Buddy Baker; director of photography, Monroe
  P. Askins; film editor, Robert Stafford.

  Cast: Michael Douglas, Will Geer, Arch Johnson, Johnny Whitaker, Jodie
  Foster.

  © Walt Disney Productions; 28Jun72; LP41015.

NATION’S CAPITAL. See

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

NATIVE TRANSPLANTS AND CRUDE DRUGS. Martin Moyer Productions. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and the forest, pt. 4) Produced in cooperation
with the Forest Service, Pacific Northwest Region, U.S. Dept. of
Agriculture.

  Credits: Collaborator, Bernard S. Douglass; narrator, Richard L. Hawk.

  Appl. author: Martin Moyer.

  © Martin Moyer Productions; 4Jan72; MP22945.

THE NATURE OF MANAGEMENT. American Management Assn. 31 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (The basic principles of supervisory management, session 1) ©
American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP22975.

NATURE’S LIVING ALBUM. See

  THE BEAR FAMILY.

  THE BEASTS OF BURDEN FAMILY.

  THE DEER FAMILY.

  THE WEASEL FAMILY.

  THE WILD CAT FAMILY--THE COUGAR.

  THE WILD DOG FAMILY--THE COYOTE.

NAVAJO RUG WEAVING. See

  INDIAN CRAFTS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

NEIGHBORHOOD STORES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

NERVOUS SYSTEM. See

  HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.

NEVER SAY NO, SAY CATALOG (Filmstrip) J. C. Penney Co. Made by Seymour
Zweibel Productions. 86 fr., color, 35 mm. With guide & record. Appl.
ti.: Catalog referral sales training program. © J. C. Penney Co., Inc.;
20Dec71; A349090.

NEW ACCOUNTS (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. & S.A. Made by Training
Dept., World Headquarters. 98 fr., color, 35 mm. (Big Jeff’s casefile,
no. 3) © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 17Jul72; JP14479.

THE NEW BABY (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Getting ready for the new baby. 38 fr.--The new baby is
  here! 37 fr.--The new baby at home. 30 fr.--Living with a growing
  baby. 36 fr.

  Credits: By Hal Smith & Lisa van Deusen.

  Appl. author: Churchill productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 20Oct69; JP14328–14327, 14329–14330.

NEW BABY AT HOME. See

  THE NEW BABY.

NEW BABY IS HERE. See

  THE NEW BABY.

THE NEW BUILDING. See

  OPEN-ENDED STORIES.

NEW CBS FRIDAY NIGHT MOVIES. See

  MONGO’S BACK IN TOWN.

NEW CARLOS. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 69.

THE NEW CENTURIONS. Chartoff-Winkler Productions. Released by Columbia
Pictures Industries. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the
novel by Joseph Wambaugh.

  Credits: Producers, Irwin Winkler & Robert Chartoff; director, Richard
  Fleischer; screenplay, Stirling Silliphant; music, Quincy Jones;
  director of photography, Ralph Woolsey; film editor, Robert C. Jones.

  Cast: George C. Scott, Stacy Keach, Jane Alexander, Scott Wilson,
  Rosalind Cash.

  © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Aug72; LP41236.

A NEW ENGLAND CHRISTMAS. Maine Public Broadcasting Network. 30 min.,
sd., Videotape.

  Cast: Dave Osgood, John Riley, J. Norman Wilkinson, Norman Wilkinson,
  Ginny Palmer.

  © Maine Public Broadcasting Network; 20Nov72; LU3639.

NEW FATHER. See

  ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.

THE NEW GIRL. Walt Disney Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (What
should I do?) © Walt Disney Productions; 6Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
LP41184.

NEW HABIT. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 66.

NEW KID. See

  ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.

A NEW NAME FOR NUTLEY. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

NEW YORK CITY MEGALOPOLIS. See

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE’S CONCERTS. Columbia Broadcasting
System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.

  Music for the movies. Telecast: Dec. 28, 1969. Credits: Producer &
  director, Roger Englander; writer, Aaron Copland. © 18Dec69; MP23019.

NICK. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

NIGHT OF THE LEPUS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based upon the novel The year of the angry rabbit, by Russell Brandon.

  Credits: Producer, A. C. Lyles; director, William F. Claxton;
  screenplay, Don Holliday & Gene R. Kearney; music, Jimmie Haskell;
  director of photography, Ted Voigtlander; film editor, John McSweeney.

  Cast: Stuart Whitman, Janet Leigh, Rory Calhoun, Paul Fix, DeForest
  Kelley.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 21Jun72; LP41066.

A NIGHT OUT FOR THE BOYS. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

NINA. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

1930 TO TOMORROW. See

  TOGETHER: FRED S. KELLER AND B. F. SKINNER.

1972 ANNUAL MEETING TESTIMONY REPORT. Christian Science Board of
Directors. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of
Directors; 19Jun72; MU8466.

1973 CHRYSLER. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 8 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72; MP23267.

1973 CLEANER AIR SYSTEM HIGHLIGHTS. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Master technicians
service conference, session no. 73–1) © Chrysler Corp.; 2Oct72; LF41335.

1973 CORONET & CORONET WAGON. Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler
Corp.; 9Oct72; LP41330.

THE 1973 DODGE CHARGER. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72; MP23272.

THE 1973 DODGE DART. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72; MP23273.

THE 1973 1–1/4″ BBD CARBURETOR. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 16
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Master technicians service
conference, session, no. 73–2) © Chrysler Corp.; 30Oct72; LP41336.

THE 1973 PLYMOUTH FURY. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72; MP23269.

1973 PLYMOUTH SATELLITE: COMING THROUGH. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72;
MP23270.

1973 PLYMOUTH, VALIANT, DUSTER, BARRACUDA. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72;
MP23274.

1973 POLARA AND MONACO. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72; MP23268.

1973 WARRANTY INFORMATION. Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.;
17Nov72; LP41333.

1973 WARRANTY INFORMATION. Plymouth Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler
Corp.; 17Nov72; LP41334.

19TH AND 20TH CENTURIES. See

  FASHION, A VISUAL HISTORY.

NINETEENTH-CENTURY NATIONALISM (Filmstrip) Educational Audio Visual. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 64 fr.; pt. 2, 66 fr.), color, 35 mm. With Teacher’s
notes, 9 p.

  Credits: Writer, Gillian Fowlds; general editor, Robert Fromer.

  © Educational Audio Visual, Inc.; 27Sep71; A360895.

THE 99 MILE CIRCLE. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

NIPPON TUCK. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Cinema Co. ©
United Artists Corp.; 16Jul72; LP41100.

NO MOTIVE FOR MURDER. See

  IRONSIDE.

NO TEARS FOR THOMAS. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 82

NOBODY’S VICTIM. Ramsgate Films. 20 min., sd., 20 min., 16 mm. Based on
the book Personal safety and defense for women, by F. Patricia Stock. ©
Ramsgate Films; 1May72; MP22939.

NOISE, THE LATEST POLLUTION. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.

NORMAN ROCKWELL’S WORLD, AN AMERICAN DREAM. Concepts Unlimited. 25 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Concepts Unlimited, Inc.; 13Aug72; LP41203.

NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN SONGS (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
(pt. 1, 53 fr.; pt. 2, 45 fr.), color, 35 mm. With Teachers guide, by
Muriel Dawley & Roberta McLaughlin, 1 v. © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar
Records, Inc.; 24Apr72; A353377.

THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X319A-X319H: Defining the North Central States. 57
  fr.--Geography, climate and natural resources. 51 fr.--Cities and
  transportation. 50 fr.--The Chicago megalopolis. 53 fr.--Industry,
  agriculture and commerce. 51 fr.--Detroit, car capital of the world.
  48 fr.--How people live. 52 fr.--What the North Central Region really
  is. 52 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Richard Duning.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14284.

THE NORTHEAST STATES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X317A-X317H: Defining the Northeast. 51 fr.--Geography,
  climate & natural resources. 43 fr.--Cities & transportation. 38
  fr.--The New York City megalopolis. 54 fr.--Industry, agriculture &
  commerce. 39 fr.--How people live. 41 fr.--Life in a New England town.
  36 fr.--What the Northeast really is. 42 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14529.

THE NORTHERN CONIFEROUS FOREST. See

  ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES.

NOSES AND THINGS. See

  READING WITH RIDDLES.

NOSES AND TONGUES. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

THE NOT SO GREAT IMPOSTER. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 63

A NOT SO IMPOSSIBLE DREAM. Glenn W. Turner Enterprises. 1 reel, sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Adventure IV) Loop film. © Turner Enterprises
a.a.d.o. Glenn W. Turner Enterprises, Inc.; 29Dec71; MP23235.

NOW YOU ARE A VOTER (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X337A-X337D: The right to vote. 52 fr.--Registering and
  picking a candidate. 45 fr.--The election. 45 fr.--Working in the
  political world. 46 fr.

  Credits: Consulting editor, Thomas J. Hauser.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14282.

NOW YOU SEE HIM, NOW YOU DON’T. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by
Buena Vista Distribution Co. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a
story by Robert L. King.

  Credits: Producer, Ron Miller; director, Robert Butler; screenplay,
  Joseph L. McEveety; music, Robert F. Brunner; director of photography,
  Frank Phillips; film editor, Cotton Warburton.

  © Walt Disney Productions; 28Jun72; LP41014.

NUCLEAR PLANT. See

  FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.

NURSING RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE CARE OF PATIENTS RECEIVING VARIOUS
METHODS OF GAVAGE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 43.

NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.
Ohio State University School of Nursing. Made by Dept. of
Photography & Cinema. 8 motion pictures (approx. 8 min. each), sd.,
color, 16 mm. Contents: Feeding and helping the non-seeing person to
eat.--Administration of eye drops and eye ointments.--Application of
eye compresses.--Application of eye pads and eye shields.--Emergency
care of eye injuries.--Orienting the non-seeing person to the
hospital.--Removal of corneal and scleral contact lenses.--Structure
and function of the eye. © Ohio State University, Dept. of
Photography & Cinema; 27Dec71; MP23106–23113.


                                   O

OBJECT PRONOUNS. See

  PRONOMBRES COMPLEMENTARIOS.

OCEAN IS A HOME FOR PLANTS AND ANIMALS. See

  THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS.

OCEAN IS FUN. See

  THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS.

OCEAN IS JOBS FOR PEOPLE. See

  THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS.

THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 6 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Looking at the ocean. 34 fr.--The ocean is jobs for people.
  38 fr.--The ocean is transportation. 39 fr.--The ocean is a home for
  plants and animals. 37 fr.--The ocean is fun. 41 fr.--Learning about
  the world beneath the waves. 30 fr.

  Credits: By Hal Smith & Lisa Van Deusen; photographers, Ron Church &
  others.

  Appl. author: Churchill Productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 6Nov69; JP14404–14409.

OCEAN IS TRANSPORTATION. See

  THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS.

OCEAN RESOURCES. See

  [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]

OCEANS AND THEIR HISTORY. See

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.

OF QUEENS AND KINGS AND OTHER THINGS. Cybis. Made by Probe Associates. 9
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Created & filmed by Art Miller & Maynard Clark.

  © Cybis; 8Jun72; MP23134.

OF THIS WE ARE PROUD. Alfred Higgins Productions. 16 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 26Oct72; MP23319.

OFFICER TRAINING. See

  DEFENSIVE TACTICS.

  TECHNIQUES OF ARREST.

OFFSET PRESSMAN. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.

OIL-IN-WATER EMULSIONS: FORMATION AND STABILITY. Pt. 1. Iowa State
University. 6 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o.
Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 12Mar69; MP23208.

[OIL STORY] (Filmstrip) Image Projections. 80 fr., color, 35 mm.
Filmstrip loop. Appl. author: Robert N. Tumlinson. © Image Projections,
a division of Audio Visual Aids Corp.; 20Mar72; JP14253.

OIL WELL. See

  FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.

OLD GLORY MARCHING SOCIETY. Alan Spencer & Jerry Aronson. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Alan Spencer; 30May72; MP22905.

THE OLD MOTORCYCLE FIASCO. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

OLD TIGERS NEVER DIE, THEY JUST RUN AWAY. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

ON OUR BLOCK SERIES (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films. 6 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With Filmstrip guide.

  Contents: Ramon runs away. 83 fr.--Paulo the boss. 85 fr.--The ghost
  upstairs. 80 fr.--The new kid. 69 fr.--The three gifts. 69 fr.--The
  new father. 67 fr.

  Produced in collaboration with Educreative Systems.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Jul72 (in notices: 1970); JP14541, 14540,
  14542–14545.

ON SITE SAFETY MEETINGS (Filmstrip) United Safety Services. Made by
Vista Productions. 72 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: William R.
Bristol. © United Safety Services; 5Jul72; JP14175.

ON YOUR OWN. FilmFair Communications. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
FilmFair, Inc.; 15Oct72; MP23349.

ONCE A COP. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 165.

ONCE BEFORE I DIE. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. A Charisma production. A Sports Illustrated presentation.

  Credits: Producer, Alvin Yudkoff; writer, Nicolas L. Noxon; narrator,
  Ross Martin; music score composer & conductor, Gerald Fried; director
  of photography, Michael Wadleigh; film editor, David Saxon.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 5May70; LP41139.

ONCE UPON A RAINBOW. Beautification Board of the City of Birmingham.
Made by Metcalfe Productions. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producers, Charlie & Polly Metcalfe; director & writer, Bill
  Bagwell; narrator, Charles Metcalfe; musical arrangements, Ed Boutwell
  & Don Moseley; melodies, John McClure; art, Anne H. Arrasmith.

  © Beautification Board of the City of Birmingham, Ala.; 18Dec72;
  LU3640.

ONE ACE TOO MANY. See

  BONANZA.

ONE SMALL STEP. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

ONE WAY TO CHANGE. John Avery Galbraith. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
John Avery Galbraith & F. George Kassebaum; 21Jul72; MP23289.

THE OPEN CLASSROOM: THREE CASE STUDIES. Della Z. Schneiderman. 90 min.,
sd., Videotape.

  Credits: Producer-director, Della Z. Schneiderman; cameraman, Leo Yam.

  © Della Z. Schneiderman; 18Sep72; MU8477.

OPEN-ENDED STORIES (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 5 filmstrips, color, 35
mm. With 5 records & Study guide, 1 v.

  Contents: The painting. 46 fr.--The open gate. 43 fr.--The new
  building. 44 fr.--The purse. 46 fr.--The warning blinker. 38 fr.

  Credits: By Hal Smith & Lisa Smith; music, Country Al Ross.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 15Jun70; JP14364–14365, 14362–14363, 14366.

THE OPEN GATE. See

  OPEN-ENDED STORIES.

OPERATION POPULATION. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 81

OPERATION: STREET ENCOUNTER. National Education Institute. Made by
Nelson Co. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Under arrest) © Nelson Co.;
13Sep72; LP41338.

OPERATOR. See

  WHERE DOES IT HURT.

OPTIMIZING INSTRUMENT CONDITIONS. See

  BASIC ATOMIC ABSORPTION.

OR ELSE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

ORDER: FIRST ALWAYS COMES BEFORE LAST. See

  DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.

ORGANIZATION (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 61 fr., color, 35 mm.
(Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching Resources Corp.;
10Jul72; A378943.

ORGANIZATIONS IN CRISIS. See

  THE 20% CUT.

ORGANIZING A STUDENT ENTERPRISE (Filmstrip) Robert M. Swerdlow. 29 fr.,
color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Artwork, Deborah Lundberg; photographs, Donald H. Swerdlow.

  © Robert M. Swerdlow; 4Aug72; JP14241.

ORGANIZING INDEPENDENT LEARNING: PRIMARY LEVEL. Macmillan Educational
Services. 5 motion pictures (1 reel each), sd., color, 16 mm.
(Minicourse 8) Contents: Introduction.--Instructional/model, lesson 1–4.
© Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development; 20Dec71;
MP22927–22931.

ORGANIZING--STRUCTURING THE WORK OF THE PLAN. American Management Assn.
14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The basic principles of supervisory
management, session 3) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68;
MP22977.

ORIENTING THE NON-SEEING PERSON TO THE HOSPITAL. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

OSCAR ROBERTSON, MILWAUKEE BUCKS, NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION. See

  CONVERSATION.

THE OTHER. Rem-Benchmark Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon Thomas Tryon’s novel.

  Credits: Producer & director, Robert Mulligan; screenplay, Thomas
  Tryon; music, Jerry Goldsmith; director of photography, Robert L.
  Surtees; film editors, Folmar Blangsted & O. Nicholas Brown.

  © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 24May72; LP41018.

OU-OW SOUNDS, THE OI-OY SOUNDS: REVIEW OF CONSONANTS AND VOWELS. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

OUR AIR. See

  POLLUTION.

OUR WATERS. See

  POLLUTION.

OUTREACH THROUGH BUS MINISTRY (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 52 fr., color,
35 mm. With guide, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 12Apr72; A355842.

OVERCROWDING IN HICKEYVILLE. See

  DISCOVERY STORIES.


                                   P

THE PACIFIC COAST STATES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X322A-X322F: Defining the Pacific Coast Region. 49
  fr.--Geography, climate and natural resources. 49 fr.--Cities and
  transportation. 48 fr.--Industry, agriculture and commerce. 53
  fr.--How people live. 59 fr.--What the Pacific Coast Region really is.
  46 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Ronald Perkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14273.

PACO AND HIS PAINTING PALS (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 41 fr.,
color, 35 mm. (Bilingual stories, series 1) With Teacher’s guide, 10 p.

  Credits: Writer & illustrator, Mark Rubin.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 6Apr72; A375459.

PAIN. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

PAIN! WHERE DOES IT HURT MOST? National Broadcasting Co. 51 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Lucy Jarvis; director, Tom Priestley; writer,
  George Lefferts; narrator, Edwin Newman.

  © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 20Feb72; MP22951.

THE PAINTING. See

  OPEN-ENDED STORIES.

PANORAMA. See

  INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR.

PAOLA STORY. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 60.

PAPAGO BASKET WEAVING. See

  INDIAN CRAFTS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

PARACHUTING. See

  SPORTS.

PARALLEL ACTION. Gerald F. Noxon. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Film thru
film, no. 6) © Gerald F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany; 1Mar72 (in notice:
1970); MP23292.

PT. 1–4: A TO G. See

  THE ALPHABET CITY.

PASSING FAIR. See

  DAN AUGUST.

THE PAST TENSE. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
With tape. © San Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in
notice: 1971); JP14293.

PATIENT ADMISSION TO AND DISCHARGE FROM A HOSPITAL. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 27.

PATIO. Quality Bakers of America. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality
Bakers of America; 21Mar66; MP23286.

PAULO THE BOSS. See

  ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.

PEDAGOGY AND POLITICS: NOTES FROM A SURVIVOR. David S. Weinkauf. 58
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.

  Credits: Film crew, Anthony Buba & others; music, Oppo Zoar.

  © David S. Weinkauf; 13Jul72; MP22949.

PENSIONS: THE BROKEN PROMISE. See

  NBC REPORTS.

PEOPLE. See

  THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO.

  SEEING THE PACIFIC ISLANDS.

PEOPLE, COMMERCE AND A WAY OF LIFE IN ALASKA. See

  THE FRONTIER STATES.

PEOPLE, COMMERCE AND A WAY OF LIFE IN HAWAII. See

  THE FRONTIER STATES.

PEOPLE OF THE CARIBBEAN (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. With guide, 6 l.

  Contents: Pt.: 1. 66 fr.-–2. 55 fr.-–3. 65 fr.-–4. 54 fr.

  Credits: Executive producer, writer & photographer, Edward Dubrowsky.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 4Nov70; A378999.

PEOPLE OF THE CITY (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials, 2 filmstrips (pt.
1, 67 fr.; pt. 2, 55 fr.), color, 35 mm. With guide.

  Credits: Writer & photographer, Edward Dubrowsky.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 11Nov69; A375457.

PEOPLE SIGNS AND PEOPLE SIGNALS. See

  READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.

PEOPLE WHO HELP OTHERS (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville,
New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 4 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm. (Career discoveries) With discussion guide, 68 p.

  Contents: People who help others. 56 fr.--Community organizer. 54
  fr.--Day care worker. 61 fr.--Physical therapist. 55 fr.

  Credits: Editor, Jean Robbins.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Cecile Spearman (discussion guide) & others.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 27Jul72; A357603.

PEOPLE WHO MAKE A CITY. Pt. 1–4 (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4
filmstrips (pt. 1, 54 fr.; pt. 2, 49 fr.; pt. 3, 54 fr.; pt. 4, 49 fr.),
color, 35 mm. With guide, 3 l. Appl. author; Edward Dubrowsky. ©Urban
Media Materials, Inc.; 11Jan72 (in notice: 1971); A375468.

PEOPLE WHO WORK IN FACTORIES. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 22Dec71; MP22989.

PEOPLE WHO WORK IN OFFICES. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 22Dec71; MP22991.

PEOPLE WHO WORK IN SCIENCE (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Career discoveries) With discussion guide, 76
p.

  Contents: People who work in science. 59 fr.--Recording engineer. 60
  fr.--Laboratory technician. 51 fr.--Ocean life scientist. 66 fr.

  Credits: Editor, Jean Robbins.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Cecile Spearman (discussion guide) & others.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 21Jul72; A357604.

PEOPLE WHO WORK IN STORES. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 22Dec71; MP22990.

PEPE AND HIS PAL PATRICK. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

PERCEPTION OF PARTS-TO-WHOLE RELATIONSHIPS (Filmstrip) Teaching
Resources. 72 fr., color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16
p. © Teaching Resources Corp.; 24Apr72; A378945.

PERCEPTION OF SEQUENCE (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 86 fr., color, 35
mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching Resources
Corp.; 24Apr72; A378941.

PERCEPTION OF SOUND (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 75 fr., color, 35
mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching Resources
Corp.; 24Apr72; A378939.

PERCEPTION OF SPATIAL RELATIONSHIPS (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 79
fr., color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 16 p. © Teaching
Resources Corp.; 24Apr72; A378948.

PERCEPTUAL MOVEMENTS AND ACTIVITIES. Martin Moyer Productions. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer
Productions; 26Sep72; MP23253.

PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING--THE GRAND RAPIDS EXPERIENCE. Indiana
University, Audio-Visual Center. 27 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Indiana
University (in notice: Indiana University Audio-Visual Center); 13Apr72;
MP23296.

PERIODICALS AND HOW TO USE THEM. See

  USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.

THE PERMEABILITY OF PLANT CELL MEMBRANES. Iowa State University. 2 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 12Mar69; MP23212.

PERPETUATING LIFE. See

  LIFE: A UNIQUE PHENOMENON.

PERSONAL HEALTH FOR GIRLS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 6Apr72; MP23278.

PERSONAL SAFETY AND DEFENSE FOR WOMEN. See

  NOBODY’S VICTIM.

PESTICIDES AND RADIOACTIVE WASTES. See

  POLLUTION.

PESTS, PESTICIDES AND PEOPLE. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.

PHILADELPHIA, HERE I COME. Medow (Ireland) 96 min., sd.

  Credits: Writer, Brian Friel; camera operator, Dudley Lovell.

  Cast: Siobhan McKenna, Donal McCann, Des Cave, Liam Redmond, Eamon
  Kelly.

  © Medow (Ireland) Ltd.; 7Aug72; LU3635.

PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS. Group 1–3 (Filmstrip) Society for
Visual Education. 18 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 18 Teacher’s guides
and reading scripts, 1 v. each.

  Contents: A115–1–-A115–18: Letter name review. 41 fr.--Happiness is
  Harriet. 37 fr.--Dolores Diddledaddle. 40 fr.--Miguel and his magic
  marks. 37 fr.--Sad Susie Sassoon. 37 fr.--Tommy Torres and his tall
  tales. 35 fr.--The big bet. 39 fr.--Little Len Lee. 37 fr.--The
  gumdrop game. 37 fr.--A new name for Nutley. 35 fr.--Remarkable
  Rebecca Riley. 36 fr.--Fenster and the funny footprints. 37 fr.--Carl
  and his kooky cap. 37 fr.--Georgie the joker. 38 fr.--Pepe and his pal
  Patrick. 39 fr.--Vivian and Wally. 38 fr.--Yo-Yo gets Zorro zero. 40
  fr.--Initial consonant review. 31 fr.

  Credits: Photographers, Sebastian Milito, Victoria Beller, Richard
  Bellak & others.

  © Society for Visual Education, Inc. & Multimedia Education, Inc.;
  15Sep71; A357624.

PHOTOENGRAVER. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.

PHOTOPATCH TESTING AS AN OFFICE PROCEDURE. Pt. 2. Institute for
Dermatologic Communication & Education. Made by C.O.R.T. Motion
Pictures. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Allergic photocontact dermatitis)

  Credits: Co-authors, Marion B. Sulzberger & Roberta Z. Sulzberger.

  © Institute for Dermatologic Communication & Education; 1Dec71 (in
  notice: 1970); MP23175.

PHYLLIS DILLER EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

PHYSICAL FITNESS AND GOOD HEALTH. Walt Disney Productions. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Upjohn Co. Appl. author: Walt
Disney Productions, employer for hire. © Walt Disney Productions;
21Aug69; MP23089.

PIAGET’S DEVELOPMENTAL THEORY. See

  THE GROWTH OF INTELLIGENCE IN THE PRE-SCHOOL YEARS.

[PICASSO SCULPTURE AT THE MUSEUM OF MODERN ART] (Filmstrip) Earl Rowland
Foundation. 127 fr., color, 35 mm. © Earl Rowland Foundation; 24Nov72;
JU13199.

PICNIC See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

PILGRIMAGE. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 46.

PILLS AND VAPORS. See

  FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.

PINK 8 BALL. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.; 6Feb72
(in notice: 1971); LP41026.

PIONEER MILL. Indiana University, Audio-Visual Center. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 5Jun72; MP23295.

PLACE IN THE FAMILY. See

  TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY.

A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN. Gainsborough Pictures [England] Distributed by
Eagle Lion Films. 92 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. A Walter Reade Organization
presentation. From the novel by Osbert Sitwell.

  Credits: Producer, R. J. Minney; director, Bernard Knowles;
  screenplay, Brock Williams; musical director, Louis Levy;
  photographer, Stephen Dade; editor, Charles Knott.

  Cast: Margaret Lockwood, James Mason, Barbara Mullen, Dennis Price,
  Helen Haye.

  © Gainsborough Pictures (1928) Ltd. & General Film Distributors, Ltd.;
  20Mar45; LF97.

A PLACE TO HIDE. See

  BONANZA.

PLANNING--THE FUTURE’S FIRST STEPS. American Management Assn. 19 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The basic principles of supervisory management,
session 2) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP22976.

PLANT CLASSIFICATION (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X326A-X326F: The why and how of plant classification. 43
  fr.--Algae, fungi and lichens. 53 fr.--Mosses and liverworts. 48
  fr.--Club-mosses, horsetails and ferns. 50 fr.--Cone-bearing plants.
  44 fr.--Flowering plants. 55 fr.

  Credits: Photographer, John E. Kimas.

  ©Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14279.

PLAY IN THE HOSPITAL. Play Schools Assn. Made by Campus Film
Productions. 54 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented in cooperation with
American Academy of Pediatrics & American Hospital Assn. © Play Schools
Assn., Inc.; 3Nov71; MP22950.

PLAY MISTY FOR ME. Malpaso Co. Released by Universal Pictures. 102 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Robert Daley; director, Clint Eastwood; screenplay,
  Jo Heims & Dean Riesner; music, Dee Barton; director of photography,
  Bruce Surtees; film editor, Carl Pingitore.

  Cast: Clint Eastwood, Jessica Walter, Donna Mills, John Larch, Jack
  Ging

  © Universal Pictures & Malpaso Co.; 19Oct71; LP41088.

PLYMOUTH PLANTATION. See

  LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.

POACHERS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 164.

POCKET MONEY. First Artists Production Co. Released by National General
Pictures. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel Jim Kane, by
J. P. S. Brown.

  Credits: Producer, John Foreman; director, Stuart Rosenberg;
  screenplay, Terry Malick; adaptation, John Gay; music, Alex North;
  cameraman, Laszlo Kovacs.

  Cast: Paul Newman, Lee Marvin, Strother Martin, Christine Belford,
  Kelly Jean Peters.

  © National General Pictures Corp., First Artists Production Co., Ltd.
  & Coleytown Productions, Inc.; 9Feb72; LP40999.

POETRY FOR FUN: POEMS ABOUT ANIMALS. Centron Educational Films. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 26Sep72; MP23149.

POGO. See

  THE POGO SPECIAL BIRTHDAY SPECIAL.

THE POGO SPECIAL BIRTHDAY SPECIAL. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the comic strip Pogo, by Walt Kelly. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 18May69; LP41136.

POINTS OF INFLECTION. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye
Instruments. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors:
Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Oct71; MP23309.

POLLUTION (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips, color,
35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: What is it? 46 fr.--Our air. 54 fr.--Our waters. 50
  fr.--Solid wastes. 58 fr.--Pesticides and radioactive wastes. 48
  fr.--What we can do. 50 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Morton J. Klein; script &
  photography, June Kraus Finfer; production, George Bookless.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Jun72;
  JP14310.

POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING! (Filmstrip) Eye Gate
House. Made by Media Productions. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 2
records. Based on the book What are me and you gonna do? by Gaylord
Nelson.

  Contents: B350A-B350D: Air pollution. 53 fr.--Land pollution. 56
  fr.--Water pollution. 58 fr.--Fighting pollution. 64 fr.

  Credits: Author, Joseph Schnierlein; artist, Alfred Lowenheim;
  photographers, Eugene Clark & Elsie Willcox; editor, Elizabeth O’Neil.

  © Media Productions, division of Market Publications, Inc.; 15Sep72;
  JP14261.

PONDS AND LAKES. See

  ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES.

POOL. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

POPULATION GENETICS. See

  AUDIOVISUAL LECTURES IN BIOLOGY.

PORTRAIT OF A LEADER. Glenn W. Turner Enterprises. 1 reel, sd., color,
Super 8 mm. (Adventure IV) Loop film. © Turner Enterprises a.a.d.o.
Glenn W. Turner Enterprises, Inc.; 5Oct71; MP23236.

POSITIVE INTEGRAL EXPONENTS: INTRODUCTION. See

  TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.

POSITIVE INTEGRAL EXPONENTS: OPERATIONS. See

  TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.

POSITIVE SHORTAGE PREVENTION. See

  THE LOSERS.

POST TIME. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 106.

POTPOURRI, Les Kaluza. 5 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Les Kaluza; 13Oct72;
LP41307.

POWER. See

  WATER AND HOW WE USE IT.

POWER AT 18: THE BALLOT (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 75 fr.; pt. 2, 52 fr.),
color, 35 mm. With Discussion guide, 32 p.

  Credits: Editor, Peter Ketchum; photographer, Owen Franken.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, N.Y., employer for
  hire of Lucy McCue (discussion guide).

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 13Oct72; A377149.

PRE- AND POST-OPERATIVE CARE OF THE PEDIATRIC PATIENT. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 105.

PRECOGNITION. See

  STRANGE PHENOMENA.

PREPARATION OF LESS TENDER BEEF CUTS. Iowa State University. 7 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23219.

PREPARATION OF TENDER BEEF CUTS. Iowa State University. 10 min., si.,
color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of
Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23222.

PREPARING A CRYSTALLINE CANDY: FONDANT. Iowa State University. 3 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 12Mar69; MP23217.

PREPARING AN AMORPHOUS CANDY: BUTTERSCOTCH. Iowa State University. 2
min., si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 12Mar69; MP23209.

PREPARING YOUR CHILD TO COME TO SCHOOL SAFELY. See

  SAFETY AND SCHOOL.

PRESENT SUBJUNCTIVE. See

  EL SUBJUNTIVO PRESENTE.

PRE-WRITING PENCIL AND PAPER SKILLS (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources. 74
fr., color, 35 mm. (Approaches to learning) With Guide, 15 p. © Teaching
Resources Corp.; 24Apr72; A378949.

THE PRICE IS RIGHT--OR IS IT? (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 20 p.

  Contents: Let’s make a deal. 44 fr.--Get your money’s worth. 34
  fr.--Super snooper. 40 fr.--Big sister and the lemon. 42 fr.

  Credits: Production supervisor, Harvey R. Kugler; script, Elsa Jaffe
  Bartlett; illustrator, Jo Butler.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 10Jul72; A375469.

PRIME CUT. Wizan Productions. Released by Cinema Center Films. 86 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. A National General Pictures release. Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, Joe Wizan; director, Michael Ritchie; writer,
  Robert Dillon; music, Lalo Schifrin; director of photography, Gene
  Polito; film editor, Carl Pingatore.

  Cast: Lee Marvin; Gene Hackman, Angel Thompkins, Gregory Walcott,
  Sissy Spacek.

  © Cinema Center Films; 11Apr72; LP41020.

PRINCE CHARMING. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

PRINCIPLES OF ATOMIC ABSORPTION. See

  BASIC ATOMIC ABSORPTION.

PRINCIPLES OF ELECTRIC HEAT. See

  ELECTRICAL SERVICE AND APPLIANCE REPAIR.

THE PRISONERS. See

  BONANZA.

PROCESSING SOUP. See

  HOW THINGS ARE MADE.

PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS. Pt. 2 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
With tape. Title in English also on appl.: Lexicon. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in notice: 1971); JP14295.

PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS. Pt. 9 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. Color, Super 8
mm. With tape. Title in English also on appl.: Lexicon. © San Antonio
Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in notice: 1971); JP14291.

PRODUCT SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION. See

  THE URINARY TRACT.

PRODUCT SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION: DERMATOLOGY (Filmstrip) Warner-Chilcott
Laboratories. Made by Teletape Corp. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–3: Anatomy and physiology of the human skin. 86
  fr.--Diseases and treatment. 58 fr.--Benisone Gel. 53 fr.

  © Warner-Chilcott Laboratories, div. of Warner-Lambert Co.; 18Dec72;
  JU13219, 13217–13218.

PROFESSIONALS. See

  IRONSIDE.

PROGNOSIS: HOMICIDE. See

  DAN AUGUST.

A PROGRAM OF TUMBLING SKILLS DEVELOPED THROUGH A CREATIVE APPROACH. Pt.
1–2. Janice Karen Adair. 2 motion pictures (pt. 1, 53 min.; pt. 2, 38
min.), sd. Videotape (1/2 in.) © Janice Karen Adair; 18Aug72; MU8480.

PROGRAMMING FOR SUCCESS: THE TEACHER AS CLUB LEADER. Kingsbury Center.
28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Learning for a lifetime: the academic club
method, pt. 5) Appl. author: Sally L. Smith. © Sally L. Smith &
Kingsbury Center, Inc.; 7Jul72; MP23137.

THE PROJECT. Walt Disney Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (What
should I do?) © Walt Disney Productions; 30Dec70; LP41183.

PROMISE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

PRONOMBRES COMPLEMENTARIOS (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. Color, Super 8
mm. With tape. Title in English also on appl.: Object pronouns. © San
Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in notice: 1971); JP14292.

PROSPECTING OUT BACK BUILDS BUSINESS UP FRONT (Filmstrip) Chrysler
Institute, Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 65 fr.,
color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 31Jul72; JP14202.

PROTEIN FOOD FOAMS. Iowa State University. 3 min., si., color, 16 mm. ©
Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
Technology; 12Mar69; MP23216.

PROTEINS: STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Filmfair
Communications. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
14Mar72; MP22896.

A PSYCHOLOGY OF CREATIVITY. Center for Creative Leadership. 28 min., sd.

  Cast: Richard I. Evans, J. P. Guilford, Donald MacKinnon, Irving A.
  Taylor.

  © Center for Creative Leadership; 16Oct72; MU8485.

PSYCHOLOGY TODAY FILMS. See

  BUSINESS, BEHAVIORISM AND THE BOTTOM LINE.

  A CONVERSATION WITH B. F. SKINNER.

  TOKEN ECONOMY.

THE PUBLIC EYE. Universal Pictures, Ltd. [Great Britain] Released in the
U.S. by Universal Pictures. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From
the play The public eye, by Peter Shaffer.

  Credits: Producer, Hal B. Wallis; director, Carol Reed;,screenplay,
  Peter Shaffer; music composer & conductor, John Barry; director of
  photography, Christopher Challis; film editor, Anne V. Coates.

  Cast: Mia Farrow, Topol, Michael Jayston, Margaret Rawlings, Annette
  Crosbie.

  © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 4May72 (in notice: 1971); LF104.

PUERTO RICO: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
Eye Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X313A-X313D: What is Puerto Rico? 57 fr.--Land, features and
  life. 60 fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry. 53.fr.--Life in
  Puerto Rico. 58 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Bertram M. Siegel.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14283.

PULP. United Artists Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Michael Klinger; director, Mike Hodges; director of
  photography, Ousama Rawi; editor, John Glenn.

  Cast: Michael Caine, Mickey Rooney, Lionel Stander, Lizabeth Scott,
  Nadia Cassini.

  © United Artists Corp.; 27Sep72; LP41341.

PUMPKIN PEOPLE. 3M Co. Made by Audio Productions. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © 3M Co.; 3Nov72; MP23254.

PUNCH AND JUDO. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Co. ©
United Artists Corp.; 23Jul72; LP41095

PUPPET ON A CHAIN. Big City Productions [England] Released in the U.S.
by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based oh the
novel by Alistair MacLean.

  Credits: Producer, Kurt Unger; director, Geoffrey Reeve; screenplay,
  Alistair MacLean; music, Piero Piccione; director of photography, Jack
  Hildyard; film editor, Bill Lenny.

  Cast: Sven-Bertil Taube, Barbara Parkins, Alexander Knox, Patrick
  Allen, Penny Casdagli.

  © Big City Productions, Ltd.; 5Apr71 (in notice: 1970); LF101.

LE PURITAIN (THE PURITAN) Raymond Rohauer. 85 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
Based on the story by Liam O’Flaherty.

  Credits: Producer & director, Jeff Musso.

  Cast: Jean Louis Berrault, Pierre Fresnay, Viviane Romance.

  NM: additions & revisions.

  © Raymond Rohauer; 1Feb64; LP41277.

PURITAN. See

  LE PURITAIN (THE PURITAN)

THE PURSE. See

  OPEN-ENDED STORIES.

PURSE SNATCHER. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 95.

PUTTING IT TOGETHER SO IT WORKS. See

  LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.


                                   Q

QUADRANGLE FOR DEATH. See

  DAN AUGUST.

[QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Quality
Bakers of America Cooperative. Approx. 60 sec. each unless otherwise
indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America Cooperative,
Inc.

  Boat. 30 sec. © 11Sep72; MP23229.

  Candling. 30 sec. © 5Sep71; MP23037.

  Club house. 30 sec. © 1Mar71; MP23036.

  Coloring. 30 sec. © 1Mar72; MP23028.

  Eye catcher. © 1Sep69; MP23103.

  Freshness tree. © 1Sep69; MP23104.

  Girl and loaf. b&w. © 1Apr65; MP23131.

  Grocery boy. b&w. © 1Apr65; MP23129.

  Hiking. © 11Sep72; MP23228.

  Hobo. 30 sec. © 10Sep72; MP23230.

  Husband and wife. 20 sec. © 9Sep64; MP23174.

  Kites. © 12May69; MP23031.

  Little League. © 19Apr71; MP23101.

  Liver & olives. 30 sec. © 10Sep72; MP23231.

  Look of freshness. © 1Sep69; MP23032.

  Magnifying glass. 30 sec. © 1Mar72; MP23029.

  Man. 30 sec. © 10Sep72; MP23232.

  Millie. 30 sec. © 5Sep71; MP23039.

  Picnic. © 1Mar72; MP23027.

  Pool. 30 sec. © 11Sep72; MP23227.

  Rewards. 30 sec. © 11Sep72; MP23115.

  Rollups. © 1Sep69; MP23102.

  Rose. 30 sec. © 5Sep71; MP23038.

  Sailboat. © 1Mar71; MP23033.

  Sandwich eaters. 30 sec. © 1Mar72; MP23030.

  Sleepy baker. 30 sec. © 11Sep72; MP23117.

  Summer house. 30 sec. © 11Sep72; MP23226.

  Sunny and Beamy. © 12Sep65; MP23100.

  Sunrise. 30 sec. © 1Mar71; MP23034.

  Surprised wife. b&w. © 12Sep65; MP23130.

  Tower of freshness. 30 sec. © 1Mar71; MP23035.

  Waiting around. 30 sec. © 11Sep72; MP23116.

  Window cleaner. © 5Sep71; MP23040.

QUALITY BUILT SHOCKS. Monroe Auto Equipment Co. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. author: Clifford Hanna. © Monroe Auto Equipment Co.; 3Oct72;
MU8492.

QUANTITY: SOMETHING IS DIFFERENT FROM NOTHING. See

  DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.

QUEST FOR CAUSATION. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 97.

QUESTION OF ATTITUDE. See

  AN APPEAL TO GREATNESS.

QUIET LAND. See

  THE GENTLE PEOPLE AND THE QUIET LAND.


                                   R

RADICALS: SIMPLIFYING PRODUCT. See

  TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.

RADICALS: SIMPLIFYING QUOTIENT. See

  TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.

RAMON RUNS AWAY. See

  ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.

RAPUNZEL. See

  TALES FROM THE GRIMM BROTHERS.

THE RATTLESNAKE BRIGADE. See

  BONANZA.

RAYMOND BURR EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

READ BEFORE YOU WRITE. FilmFair Communications. 6 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 15Nov72; MP23352.

READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X306A-X306F: What does a sign mean? 48 fr.--What does a
  signal mean? 46 fr.--People signs and people signals. 48 fr.--Signs
  that warn. 47 fr.--Signs that tell you what you need to know. 42
  fr.--Talking and learning with signs and signals. 46 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Robert W. Halipin; senior photographer,
  Vincent A. Greco.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14277.

READING WITH RIDDLES (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 6 filmstrips (42 fr.
each), 35 mm. With 6 records & Study guide.

  Contents; Hands and things.--Ears and things.--Tongues and
  things.--Noses and things.--Buttons and things.--Keys and things.

  Credits: By Hal Smith & Lisa Smith; music, Country Al Smith.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 17Dec70; JP14367, 14371, 14368, 14372,
  14369–14370.

REALITY COUNSELING IN THE BRONX. Research Foundation of the City
University of New York. Made by Guidance Laboratory, City University of
New York. 30 min., sd. Videotape (1/2 in.)

  Credits: Producer-director, Bert Flugman.

  © Research Foundation of the City University of New York; 30Jul72;
  MP23168.

REASON TO RUN. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 86.

THE RECORD BREAKERS. National Hockey League Services. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. NM: compilation. © National Hockey League Services, Inc.;
14Sep71; MP23001.

RECREATION AND CONSERVATION. See

  WATER AND HOW WE USE IT.

THE RED SKELTON SHOW. Van Bernard Productions. Approx. 30 min. each,
sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © Van Bernard Productions, Inc.

  Audrey Meadows episode. © 4Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP41123.

  Chad Everett, Cass Elliot episode. © 18Jan71; LP41124.

  The Christmas show. Cast: Leslie Nielsen. © 21Dec70; LF41119.

  Dan Blocker episode. © 9Nov70; LP41114.

  Eva Gabor, Wally Cox episode. © 1Feb71; LP41126.

  Gene Barry episode. © 19Oct70; LP41112.

  George Gobel episode. © 22Feb71; LP41129.

  Godfrey Cambridge episode. © 16Nov70; LP41115.

  James Drury episode. © 25Jan71; LP41125.

  Jerry Lewis episode. Cast: Jerry Lewis, Robin Wilson. © 14Sep70;
  LP41107.

  Jill St. John episode. © 11Jan71; LP41122.

  Martha Raye episode. © 15Feb71; LP41128.

  Michael Landon episode. © 7Dec70; LP41117.

  Mickey Rooney episode. © 23Nov70; LP41116.

  Mike Connors episode. © 5Oct70; LP4111O.

  Phyllis Diller episode. © 1Mar71; LP41130.

  Raymond Burr episode. © 21Sep70; LP41108.

  Robert Wagner episode. © 28Sep70; LP41109.

  Sebastian Cabot episode. © 15Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP41121.

  Telly Savalas episode. © 14Dec70; LP41118.

  Tony Randall episode. © 8Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP41120.

  Van Johnson episode. © 26Oct70; LP41113.

  Vincent Price episode. © 8Feb71; LP41127.

  Walter Brennan episode. © 12Oct70; LP41111.

REFERENCE LIBRARY: FINDING FACTS. See

  USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.

A REFLECTION OF FEAR. Howard B. Jaffe Productions. Released by Columbia
Pictures. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon Go to thy deathbed, by
Stanton Forbes.

  Credits: Producer, Howard B. Jaffe; director, William A. Fraker;
  screenplay by Edward Hume & Lewis John Carlino; music composed &
  conducted by Fred Myrow; director of photography, Laszlo Kovacs; film
  editor, Richard Brockway.

  Cast: Robert Shaw, Sally Kellerman, Mary Ure, Sondra Locke, Signe
  Hasso.

  © Howard B. Jaffe Productions, Inc.; 1Nov72 (in notice: 1971);
  LP41232.

REGIONS AND CLIMATES. See

  SEEING THE PACIFIC ISLANDS.

REGISTERING AND PICKING A CANDIDATE. See

  NOW YOU ARE A VOTER.

REJOICE! (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 27 fr., color, 35 mm. With
sound recording (separately reg. as N2070) and Letter of joy, leaders
guide, red adult no. 32–4017/3 (separately reg. as A377844)

  Credits: Photographer, Frank Unger.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14444.

RELATING MANY VARIABLES. Training & Development Division, Westinghouse
Learning Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for problem solving
and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.; 20Oct71; MP23369.

RELATING TWO VARIABLES. Training & Development Division, Westinghouse
Learning Corp. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Statistics for problem solving
and decision making) © Westinghouse Learning Corp.; 20Oct71; MP23368.

RELIGION, EDUCATION, RECREATION AND GOVERNMENT. See

  LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.

REMARKABLE REBECCA RILEY. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

REMEMBER (Filmstrip) Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn. 109
fr., color, 35 mm. © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 15Mar71; JP14446.

REMOVAL OF CORNEAL AND SCLERAL CONTACT LENSES. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

REPAIRMEN. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF CARCASS BREAKDOWN. Iowa State University. 9 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23220.

A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF CHUCK BREAKDOWN. Iowa State University. 7 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23221.

A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF RIB BREAKDOWN. Iowa State University. 4 min., si.,
color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of
Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23224.

A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF ROUND BREAKDOWN. Iowa State University. 6 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23223.

A REPRESENTATIVE BREAKDOWN OF THE BEEF SHANK, BRISKET, SHORT PLATE AND
FLANK. Iowa State University. 5 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State
University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
4Jan72; MP23225.

REPRODUCTIVE SYSTEM. See

  HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.

RESOURCES, AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY. See

  CANADA: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  FRANCE: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  GREAT BRITAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  HOLLAND: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  PUERTO RICO: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  SPAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  SWEDEN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

  WEST GERMANY: A REGIONAL STUDY.

RESPIRATORY SYSTEM. See

  HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.

THE RETAIL STORE. See

  COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU.

REVELATIONS. Thomas Stephen Dafnides. 7 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. Tinted
stock. © Thomas Stephen Dafnides; 12Sep72; MU8483.

THE REVENGERS. Cinema Center Films. Released by National General
Pictures. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Martin Rackin-Estudios
Churubusco production. Panavision.

  Credits: Producer, Martin Rackin; director, Daniel Mann; screenplay,
  Wendell Mayes; music composer & conductor, Pino Calvi; director of
  photography, Gabriel Torres; film editors, Walter Hannemann & Juan
  Jose Marino.

  Cast: William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, Woody Strode, Warren Vanders,
  Susan Hayward.

  © Cinema Center Films; 19Apr72; LP41021.

REVIEWING SET CONCEPTS. See

  SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.

REWARDS. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

RICE GROWING IN BONTOC (Filmstrip) Bee Cross-Media. 71 fr., color, 35
mm. With Narration-guide, by Elizabeth H. Flory.

  Credits: Photographer & script writer, Ronald Wilcox.

  © Bee Cross-Media, Inc.; 11Oct72; A386310.

THE RICH MAN AND THE SHOE-MAKER & BRIAN WILDSMITH’S WILD ANIMALS
(Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 2 filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 35 mm.
With guide, 1 v. NM: compilation & adaptation. © Weston Woods Studios,
Inc.; 15Oct72; A387829.

THE RIFT. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

RIGHT TO VOTE. See

  NOW YOU ARE A VOTER.

RING OF PRAYER. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE RIOT MAKERS. RM, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the book
by Eugene Methvin. © RM, Inc.; 15Jul71; MP23072.

THE RISE AND FALL OF BERT HAWKINS (Filmstrip) Electrical Training Trust.
Made by Creative Communications. 164 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Director, Sidney Meyer; writer, Lou Huston; photographer,
  Ralph Morin.

  © Los Angeles County Electrical Joint Apprenticeship & Education
  Training Committee; 17Mar72; JP14166.

RIVERS MUST NOT DIE. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.

ROAD TO YOU KNOW WHERE IS PAVED WITH YOU KNOW WHAT. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

ROADS. See

  HOW TO BUILD THINGS.

ROBERT ERICKSON. ETS Program Service. Made by KPBS-TV. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Artists in America) © ETS Program Service; 18Jun71;
MP22894.

ROBERT WAGNER EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

ROCK-A-BYE HOSS. See

  BONANZA.

ROCK RESOURCES. See

  [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]

THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by
Educational Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X321–A--X321–F: Defining the Rocky Mountain Region. 50
  fr.--Geography, climate and natural resources. 53 fr.--Cities and
  transportation. 47 fr.--Industry, agriculture and commerce. 45
  fr.--How people live. 44 fr.--What the Rocky Mountain Region really
  is. 44 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Ronald Perkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14469.

ROGER D. ABRAHAMS, DIRECTOR, AFRO-AMERICAN RESEARCH INSTITUTE. See

  CONVERSATION.

ROLLUPS. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

ROMANS HANDBOOK FOR FAITH. See

  DOCTRINE OF THE GOSPEL.

  IS THE SKY FALLING.

RONALD SUKENICK, NOVELIST. See

  CONVERSATION.

ROOM FOR HEROES. Walt Disney Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Walt Disney Productions; 19Aug71 (in notice: 1970); LP41188.

ROSE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

ROSIE’S WALK (Filmstrip) Weston Woods Studios. 29 fr., color, 35 mm.
With guide, 1 v. From the book by Pat Hutchins; adapted by Judy Duris &
Isa Wickenhagen. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Sep71 (in notice:
1972); A389840.

ROUGHING AND ALIGNMENT (Filmstrip) MSJC Productions. 40 fr., color, 35
mm. (Automotive technology)

  Credits: Planner & writer, Paul Wells.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Dec71; JP14184.

ROUTE TO THE ROAD. Video Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Clifford Hanna. © Video Films, Inc.; 20Nov72; MU8497.

RUBBISH, GARBAGE AND OTHER TRASH. Costello Productions. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: By Lothar Spree & Recha Jungmann; music, Tony Patterson.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 8Mar71, MU8312. NM: revision & abridgment.

  © Costello Productions, division of JC Vending Machines, Inc. & Lothar
  Spree; 7Sep72; MU8478.

THE RUNNER. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

RX FOR DOCTORS ONLY (Filmstrip) Bank of America National Trust & Savings
Assn. Made by Vista Productions. 134 fr., color, 35 mm. © Bank of
America N. T. & S. A.; 14Feb72; JP14206.


                                   S

S. C. JOHNSON, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. See

  CONVERSATION.

SS–25 MAINTENANCE SYSTEM. National Chemsearch Corp. 6 min. © National
Chemsearch Corp.; 6Nov72; MU8501.

SAD SUSIE SASSOON. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

THE SADDLE STIFF. See

  BONANZA.

SAFE JOB. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 125.

SAFETY AND SCHOOL (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X332–A--X332–F: Safety and school. 54 fr.--Safety coming to
  school and on the way home. 49 fr.--Safety on the school bus. 65
  fr.--Safety in school. 60 fr.--Safety on the playground. 55
  fr.--Preparing your child to come to school safely. 60 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14269.

SAFETY COMING TO SCHOOL AND ON THE WAY HOME. See

  SAFETY AND SCHOOL.

SAFETY IN SCHOOL. See

  SAFETY AND SCHOOL.

SAFETY--KEY WORD IN PATIENT CARE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 100.

SAFETY ON THE PLAYGROUND. See

  SAFETY AND SCHOOL.

SAFETY ON THE SCHOOL BUS. See

  SAFETY AND SCHOOL.

SAFETY TIMES THREE. General Motors Corp. Made by Impact Productions
Associates. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © General Motors (in notice:
General Motors Corp.); 10Oct72; MU8494.

SAILBOAT. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SALES ORIENTATION (Filmstrip) Warner/Chilcott Laboratories. Made by
Teletape Corp. 7 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Pt. 1–7: Your company. 86 fr.--You and your company. 54
  fr.--Your products. 68 fr.--Your markets. 62 fr.--The medical
  profession: some things you should know. 74 fr.--Some words you should
  know. 110 fr.--Your responsibilities. 62 fr.

  © Warner-Chilcott Laboratories, division of Warner-Lambert Co.;
  27Oct72; JU13169, 13173–13174, 13176, 13170, 13177, 13172.

SALLY’S YELLOW FLOWERS (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 11 fr., color,
35 mm.

  Credits: Art by Pat & Paul Karch.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 1Sep72; JP14224.

THE SALZBURG CONNECTION. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 10 reels, sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Helen MacInnes.

  Credits: Producer, Ingo Preminger; director, Lee H. Katzin;
  screenplay, Oscar Millard; music supervisor, Lionel Newman; director
  of photography, Wolfgang Treu; film editor, John M. Woodcock.

  Cast: Barry Newman, Anna Karina, Karen Jensen, Joe Maross, Klaus-Maria
  Brandauer.

  © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 30Jun72; LP41025.

SAM. Margaret Lesser Bach. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Margaret Lesser
Bach; 10Mar72 (in notice: 1971); MP23353.

SAMPLE PREPARATION AND SPECIAL SAMPLING TECHNIQUES. See

  BASIC ATOMIC ABSORPTION.

SANDWICH EATERS. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SANITARY. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SARIPUTRA AND THE SIX MASTERS OF HERESY. Indiana University Foundation.
16 min., sd., color.

  Credits: By Eugene Eoyang.

  © Indiana University Foundation; 14Aug72; MU8474.

SASH. Episode no. 1: Making new friends. Radio-TV Commission, Southern
Baptist Convention. 5 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Radio-TV Commission,
SBC; 1Jan72; LP41308.

SATELLITES AT WORK. See

  SPACE.

SAVAGE MESSIAH. Russ-Arts. Distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 99 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book by H. S. Ede.

  Credits: Producer & director, Ken Russell; screenplay, Christopher
  Logue; music, Michael Garrett; director of photography, Dick Bush;
  editor, Michael Bradsell.

  Cast: Dorothy Tutin, Scott Antony, Helen Mirren, Lindsay Kemp, Michael
  Gough.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 4Oct72; LP41305.

SCIENCE AND SOCIETY. McGraw-Hill Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Humanities series) Produced in collaboration with William Claiborne,
Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec71;
MP22895.

SCIENCE FOR THE FUTURE, AN OCEANOGRAPHIC INSTITUTE. See

  FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.

SCOUTING IN THE CHURCH’S MINISTRY (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 87
fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 31May72; JP14288.

SCOUTING IN THE SALVATION ARMY’S MINISTRY (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of
America. 86 fr., color, 35 mm. © Boy Scouts of America; 31May72;
JP14289.

SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. Hearst Metrotone News. Approx. 15 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of Hearst Corp.

  v. 14, issue

  1. The flight of Apollo 15. Color. © 15Sep71; MP22995.

  2. A crack in the wall. Appl. ti.: A crack in the Berlin wall. ©
  15Oct71; MP22997.

  3. The two-headed dragon. © 10Nov71; MP22998.

  4. Clean town, U.S.A. Color. © 6Dec71; MP22996.

  5. A land divided. © 5Jan72; MP22999.

  6. The golden door. Color. © 2Feb72; MP22993.

  7. Duce. © 1Mar72; MP23000.

  8. One small step. Color. © 3Apr72; MP22994.

A SEA OF TROUBLES. See

  CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.

SEARCH IN LIMBO. See

  BONANZA.

SEBASTIAN CABOT EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

SECOND SIGHT. See

  BONANZA.

THE SECRET BOX. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

SEED DISPERSAL. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. 3d ed. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 9Mar71; MP23042.

SEEDS OF TRAGEDY (Filmstrip) Concordia Pub. House. 10 fr., color, 35 mm.
With Trust in the Lord, teachers guide, green program 6^2, no. 32–3100,
(separately reg. as A393010)

  Credits: Art, Darrell Wiskur.

  © Concordia Pub. House; 31Oct72; JP14626.

SEEING THE PACIFIC ISLANDS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 7 p.

  Contents: Regions and climates, 55 fr.--Agriculture, fishing and
  manufacturing. 56 fr.--The people. 54 fr.--History and cultures. 55
  fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Joseph E. Spencer; script, Nancy
  Greene; photography, Milton & Joan Mann; production, George Bookless.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Dec71;
  JP14308.

SELECTING AND SOLVING NUMBER SENTENCES. See

  SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.

SELECTING FABRICS. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

SELECTING FURNITURE, PT. 1. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

SELECTING FURNITURE, PT. 2. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

SELECTING TABLEWARE. See

  HOME DECORATION SERIES.

SELF-DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM, TUITION ASSISTANCE/AIB (Filmstrip) Training
Dept., Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn. 110 fr., color, 35
mm. © Bank of America N. T. & S. A.; 5Jan72; JP14205.

THE SELFISH GIANT. Potterton Productions. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
Reader’s Digest presentation. From a story by Oscar Wilde. © Reader’s
Digest Assn., Inc.; 13Dec71 (in notice: 1972); LP41421.

SELL WITH CONFIDENCE. National Chemsearch Corp. 9 min., sd., b&w. Appl.
states prev. reg. 21Jul71, MU8358. NM: revision & addition. © National
Chemsearch Corp.; 31Jul72; MU8470.

SELLING IN TODAY’S MARKET. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 16
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.; 9Oct72;
LP41329.

THE SELLING OF THE PENTAGON. See

  CBS REPORTS.

[SENTINEL II CYLINDER SCALE MODEL 1361] (Filmstrip) Lesson no. 10.
Toledo Scale, Training Dept. 102 fr., color, 16 mm. (Sight sound
training) © Reliance Electric Co.; 22Aug72; JU13141.

A SEPARATE PEACE. Paramount Pictures Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the novel by John Knowles.

  Credits: Producer, Robert A. Goldston; director, Larry Peerce;
  screenplay, Fred Segal; music score, Charles Fox; director of
  photography, Frank Stanley; editor, John C. Howard.

  Cast: John Heyl, Parker Stevenson, Peter Brush, Victor Bevine, Scott
  Bradbury.

  © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 30Jun72; LP41131.

SERAPE HAPPY. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp.
7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 26Dec71; LP41106.

[SERIES 1100 DUO PENDULUM SCALES] (Filmstrip) Lesson no. 9. Toledo
Scale, Training Dept. 121 fr., color, 16 mm. (Sight sound training) ©
Reliance Electric Co.; 7Aug72; JU13142.

SEVEN GOLDEN MEN. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. [England] 87 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm.

  Cast: Philippe Leroy, Gastone Moschin, Giampiero Albertini, Gabriele
  Tinti, Rossana Podesta.

  © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 25Mar68 (in notice: 1965); LP41198.

1776. Columbia Pictures Industries. 140 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. Based on the musical play.

  Credits: Producer, Jack L. Warner; director, Peter H. Hunt;
  screenplay, Peter Stone; music & lyrics, Sherman Edwards; director of
  photography, Harry Stradling, Jr.; film editors, William Ziegler &
  Florence Williamson.

  Cast: William Daniels, Howard Da Silva, Ken Howard, Donald Madden,
  John Cullum.

  © Jack L. Warner & Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 8Nov72;
  LP41235.

17TH AND 18TH CENTURIES. See

  FASHION, A VISUAL HISTORY.

THE ’73 DODGE TRUCK. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Sep72; MP23271.

SHAFT’S BIG SCORE. Shaft Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon characters created by Ernest
Tidyman. A Stirling Silliphant-Roger Lewis production.

  Credits: Producers, Roger Lewis & Ernest Tidyman; director, Gordon
  Parks; writer, Ernest Tidyman; music, Gordon Parks; director of
  photography, Urs Furrer; film editor, Harry Howard.

  Cast: Richard Roundtree, Moses Gunn, Joseph Mascolo, Kathy Imrie,
  Wally Taylor.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 21Jun72; LP40970.

SHAKEY: AN EXPERIMENT IN ROBOT PLANNING AND LEARNING. Stanford Research
Institute. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: Shakey: experiments in
robot planning and learning. © SRI a.a.d.o. Stanford Research Institute;
1Aug72; MP23086.

SHAKEY: EXPERIMENTS IN ROBOT PLANNING AND LEARNING. See

  SHAKEY: AN EXPERIMENT IN ROBOT PLANNING AND LEARNING.

SHANGHAI WOODY. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A Walter
Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Cal Howard; animators, Virgil
  Ross & others; music, Walter Greene; voices, Grace Stafford & Daws
  Butler.

  © Universal Pictures; 13Dec71; LP41275.

SHANKLIN. See

  BONANZA.

SHAPE: A CIRCLE IS NEVER A SQUARE. See

  DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.

SHAPE AND BAKE. Pt. 1–2. Materials for Today’s Learning. 2 reels, si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Materials for Today’s Learning, Inc.;
21Jul71 (in notices: 1970); MP22968, 22972.

SHEILA. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

SHOOT OUT. Universal Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
novel The lone cowboy, by Will James.

  Credits: Producer, Hal B. Wallis; director, Henry Hathaway;
  screenplay, Marguerite Roberts; music, David Grusin; director of
  photography, Earl Rath; film editor, Archie Marshek.

  Cast: Gregory Peck, Pat Quinn, Robert F. Lyons, Susan Tyrrell, Dawn
  Lyn.

  © Universal Pictures; 23Jun71; LP41087.

THE SHOPPING CENTER. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

SHOPPING DOWNTOWN. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

SICKLE CELL, AN INHERITED DISEASE (Filmstrip) Glenn Educational Films.
98 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Medical consultant, Doris L. Wethers.

  © Glenn Educational Films, Inc.; 3Apr72; JP14152.

SICKLE CELL ANEMIA. Lee Creative Communications. 18 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. author: Walter Leroy Lee. © Lee Creative Communications, Inc.;
19Jun72; MP23173.

SIGHT SOUND TRAINING. See

  MODEL 1080 SPEED CHECK.

  [SENTINEL II CYLINDER SCALE MODEL 1361]

  [SERIES 1100 DUO PENDULUM SCALES]

SIGHTS AND SOUNDS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Troll
Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Sounds in the home. 54 fr.--Sounds in the country. 38
  fr.--Sounds in the city. 34 fr.--Sounds in the stores. 45 fr.--Sounds
  of fun. 44 fr.--Sounds of work. 42 fr.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Apr72 (in notice: 1971); JP14523.

SIGN OF THE TWINS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 85.

SIGNATURES (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. & S.A. Made by Training
Dept., World Headquarters. 91 fr., color, 35 mm. (Big Jeff’s casefile,
no. 4) © Bank or America N.T. & S.A.; 31Jul72; JP14474.

SIGNS AROUND THE CITY. See

  I CAN READ SIGNS.

SIGNS OF TRANSPORTATION. See

  I CAN READ SIGNS.

SIGNS OF WARNING. See

  I CAN READ SIGNS.

SIGNS THAT TELL YOU WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW. See

  READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.

SIGNS THAT WARN. See

  READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.

SIGNS WITH NUMBERS. See

  I CAN READ SIGNS.

SILENT RUNNING. Universal Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Michael Gruskoff; director, Douglas Trumbull;
  writers, Deric Washburn, Mike Cimino & Steve Bochco; music composer &
  conductor, Peter Schickele; director of photography, Charles F.
  Wheeler; film editor, Aaron Stell.

  Cast: Bruce Dern, Cliff Potts, Ron Rifkin, Jesse Vint, Mark Persons.

  © Universal Pictures; 19Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP41091.

SILK SCREEN PRINTING. See

  COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU.

SIMPLE HAND PUPPETS. Buena Vista Distribution Co. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. A Trend production. Appl. author: Don Sykes, employer for hire. ©
Buena Vista Distribution Co., Inc.; 12Nov63; MP23162.

SISTER OF THE ROAD. See

  BOXCAR BERTHA.

SITTING TARGET. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the novel by Laurence Henderson.

  Credits: Producer, Barry Kulick; director, Douglas Hickox; screenplay,
  Alexander Jacobs; music, Stanley Myers; director of photography,
  Edward Scaife.

  Cast: Oliver Reed, Jill St. John, Ian McShane, Edward Woodward, Frank
  Finlay.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 3Mar72; LP40971.

SITUATIONAL LANGUAGE. Series 1: The Boo Boo Gang (Filmstrip) Knowledge
Aid. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Student activities and teacher’s
guide, 1 v.

  Contents: Episode: 1. 58 fr.-–2. 66 fr.-–3. 59 fr.-–4. 60 fr.-–5. 62
  fr.

  Credits: Production, Denis de Vallance; script, Julian Jover.

  © Knowledge Aid, whose full name is Knowledge Aid, division Milwaukee
  Journal Education Corp.; 4Sep72; A390172.

60 MINUTES. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  v. 2, no.

  4. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 28Oct69;
  MP23021.

  12. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 17Feb70;
  MP23022.

  17. Credits: Correspondents, Harry Reasoner & Mike Wallace. © 28Apr70;
  MP23023.

SIZE: SMALLER THAN LARGE AND LARGER THAN SMALL. See

  DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.

SKIN DIVING. See

  SPORTS.

SKIN GAME. Warner Bros. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Cherokee
production. Panavision.

  Cast: James Gamer, Lou Gossett, Edward Asner, Brenda Sykes.

  © Warner Bros., Inc.; 30Sep71; LP41312.

SKYJACKED. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
the novel Hijacked by David Harper.

  Credits: Producer, Walter Seltzer; director, John Guillermin;
  screenplay, Stanley R. Greenberg; music, Perry Botkin, Jr.; director
  of photography, Harry Stradling, Jr.; film editor, Robert Swink.

  Cast: Charlton Heston, Yvette Mimieux, James Brolin, Claude Akins,
  Susan Dey.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 10Apr72; LP41003.

SKYLAB. See

  SPACE.

SKYSCRAPERS. See

  HOW TO BUILD THINGS.

A SKYWAYS ADVENTURE. M & L Film Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© M & L Film Productions; 10Apr72; MP23318.

SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE. Vanadas Productions. Released by Universal
Pictures. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel
Slaughterhouse-Five; or, The children’s crusade, by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.

  Credits: Producer, Paul Monash; director, George Roy Hill; screenplay,
  Stephen Geller.

  Cast: Michael Sacks, Ron Leibman, Sharon Gans, Eugene Roche, Holly
  Near.

  © Universal Pictures; 12Mar72; LP41147.

SLEEPY BAKER. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SLEEPY TIME CHIMES. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dale Hale; animators, Les
  Kline & others; music, Walter Greene; voices, Daws Butler & Grace
  Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 1Feb71; LP41272.

SNOOPY, COME HOME! Cinema Center Films. Released by National General
Pictures Corp. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Lee Mendelson-Bill Melendez
Production.

  Credits: Producers, Lee Mendelson & Bill Melendez; director, Bill
  Melendez; creator & writer, Charles M. Schulz; voices, Chad Webber,
  Robin Kohn, Stephen Shea & others; music & lyrics, Richard M. Sherman
  & Robert B. Sherman; music arranger & conductor, Donald Ralke; camera,
  Dickson/Vasu; editors, Robert T. Gillis, Charles McCann, Rudy Zamora,
  Jr.

  © Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc. & Sopwith Productions, Inc.;
  24May72; LP41279.

THE SNOOZIN’ BRUIN. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dalton Sandifer; animators,
  Virgil Ross & others; music, Walter Greene; voice, Grace Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 1Nov71; LP41274.

THE SOCIAL SIDE OF HEALTH. Walt Disney Productions. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Produced in association with Upjohn Co. Appl. author: Walt Disney
Productions, employer for hire. © Walt Disney Productions; 9Oct69;
MP23090.

SODOM AND GOMORRAH. Steven Baker. 85 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Steven
Baker; 4Oct72; LU3637.

SOIL MAKERS: BUGS, WORMS, AND TERMITES. Noble & Noble, Publishers. Made
by Materials for Today’s Learning. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Noble & Noble, Publishers, Inc.; 9Jul71 (in notice: 1970);
MP22970.

SOIL RESOURCES. See

  [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]

SOLAR ACTIVITY II: LARGE SCALE. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec70; MP23012.

THE SOLAR SYSTEM: ITS MOTIONS. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by Haberstroh
Studio. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
McGraw-Hill. Inc.; 7Aug72 (in notice: 1968); MP23195.

THE SOLAR SYSTEM: MEASURING ITS DIMENSIONS. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by
Haberstroh Studio. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author; McGraw-Hill
Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 7Aug72 (in notice: 1969); MP23196.

SOLDIER. See

  DAN AUGUST.

SOLID WASTES. See

  ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.

  POLLUTION.

SOLO. Pyramid Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 16 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Pyramid Film Corp.; 6Aug72; LP41103.

SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS (Filmstrip) Educational Direction.
Made by Eye Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X329–A--X329–F: Reviewing set concepts. 52
  fr.--Understanding a word problem situation. 48 fr.--Understanding
  verbal descriptions. 55 fr.--Using number sentences. 52 fr.--Selecting
  and solving number sentences. 52 fr.--Combining steps to solve word
  problems. 42 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Robert W. Keller; illustrator, Kenneth W.
  Mitchell.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14263.

SOME OF MY BEST FRIENDS ARE. Bluebird Productions. Released by American
International Pictures. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in
association with Cutler Griffin Associates.

  Cast: David Drew, Larry Reed, Joe George, Sylvia Syms, Candy Darling.

  © American International Pictures, Inc.; 3Sep71; LP41005.

SOME WORDS YOU SHOULD KNOW. See

  SALES ORIENTATION.

SOMETIMES A GREAT NOTION. Newman-Foreman Co. Released by Universal
Pictures. 115 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by
Ken Kesey.

  Cast: Paul Newman, Michael Sarrazin, Lee Remick, Henry Fonda, Richard
  Jaekel.

  © Universal Pictures & Newman-Foreman Co., Inc.; 17Dec71; LP41090.

THE SOMNAVIATRIX. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 76

SORRY, NO VACANCY. Wilhite Productions. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer & director, James Wilhite; narrator & co-producer,
  Pat Wilhite; editor, Fred Heinrich.

  Appl. author: R. J. Wilhite.

  © R. J. Wilhite d.b.a. Wilhite Productions; 8Dec72; MU8504.

THE SOUND FILMSTRIP, A KEY TO LEARNING (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
Education, Inc. 117 fr., color, 35 mm. With teacher’s guide, 1 v. ©
Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 2Aug71; A357626.

SOUNDS. See:

  SIGHTS AND SOUNDS.

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

THE SOUTHERN STATES (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X318–A--X318–H: Defining the South. 70 fr.--Geography,
  climate and natural resources. 58 fr.--Cities and transportation. 61
  fr.--Industry, agriculture and commerce. 64 fr.--How people live. 56
  fr.--The nation’s Capital. 60 fr.--Tourism and retirement. 58
  fr.--What the South really is. 57 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Richard Dunning.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14471.

THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES (Filmstrip) Eye Gate House. Made by Educational
Direction. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X320–A--X320–F: Defining the South West. 42 fr.--Geography,
  climate and natural resources. 49 fr.--Cities and transportation. 48
  fr.--Industry, agriculture and commerce. 46 fr.--How people live. 49
  fr.--What the South West really is. 47 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Ronald Perkins.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14468.

SPACE (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources Development Center. Distributed by
Society for Visual Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: T485–1–-T485–6: Skylab. 44 fr.--Space shuttle. 43
  fr.--Interplanetary space travel. 42 fr.--Satellites at work. 44
  fr.--Exploring the planets. 46 fr.--Man and the moon. 39 fr.

  © Teaching Resources Development Center; 4Aug72; JP14314.

SPACE EXPLORATION: A TEAM EFFORT. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with National
Aeronautics & Space Administration. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 21Jun72; MP23065.

SPACE SHUTTLE. See

  SPACE.

SPAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: What is Spain? 40 fr.--Land, features and cities. 64
  fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry, 47 fr.--Life in Spain. 57
  fr.

  Credits: Photographer, Bruce Thomas.

  ©Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14287.

SPEAK THE SPEECH, I PRAY YOU. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 59.

SPECIALISTS FOR OUR HOMES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

SPEED CONTROL & CONCEALED HEADLIGHTS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 87 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service
conference, session no. 72–9) © Chrysler Corp.; 22Jun72; JP14189.

SPIDER. See

  HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.

SPIRITUAL ASPECTS OF PATIENT CARE, PT. 1–2. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY, Lesson 32.

SPONGES, SAC-ANIMALS & ANIMALS WITH SPINY SKINS. See

  ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.

SPORTS (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources Development Center. Distributed by
Society for visual Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: T500–1–-T500–6: Drag racing. 43 fr.--Surfing. 44
  fr.--Gliding and soaring. 42 fr.--Parachuting. 42 fr.--Aerobatics. 41
  fr.--Skin diving. 41 fr.

  © Teaching Resources Development Center; 7Aug72; JP14313.

SPRING COMES TO THE FOREST. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 1May72; MP23276.

THE SQUIRREL AND HIS FRIENDS. See

  ANIMAL FABLES.

STANDARDS AND APPRAISAL--AIDS TO CONTROL. American Management Assn. 24
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The basic principles of supervisory management,
session 5) © American Management Assn., Inc.; 26Nov68; MP22979.

STAR SPANGLED BANNER. Sierra Club/ Stanford University. 2 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Dawson Productions. © Sierra Club; 4Jul72;
MP23193.

STARFISH AND SEA ANEMONES. Noble & Noble, Publishers. Made by Materials
for Today’s Learning. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Noble
& Noble, Publishers, Inc.; 27Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22971.

STARS. McGraw-Hill Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 7Aug72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23198.

STATISTICS AT A GLANCE. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Helios Films. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., employer
for hire. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 25Oct72; MP23300.

STATISTICS FOR PROBLEM SOLVING AND DECISION MAKING. See

  CHARTING.

  COLLECTING DATA EFFICIENTLY.

  CONCEPTS AND VOCABULARY--INTRODUCTION.

  DECIDING BETWEEN TWO ALTERNATIVES.

  DESCRIBING COLLECTIONS OF DATA.

  ESTIMATING THE COST OF UNCERTAINTY.

  FORECASTING.

  GETTING INFORMATION FROM DATA.

  RELATING MANY VARIABLES.

  RELATING TWO VARIABLES.

STEEL AND AMERICA. American Iron & Steel Institute. Made by Walt Disney
Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Walt Disney
Productions, employer for hire. © Walt Disney Productions; 2Feb67 (in
notice: 1965); LP41189.

THE STEEL LOCK BLOCK HOUSE. Arcadia Enterprises. Made by Jim Arnold Film
Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: James R. Arnold.
© Jim Arnold Film Productions; 16Jul72; MP23133.

STEEL MILL. See

  FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.

STEPS TOWARD MATURITY AND HEALTH. Walt Disney Productions. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Walt Disney productions; 9Jul68; MP23164.

STEVE. See

  MATT LINCOLN.

STILL WATERS. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

STIMULUS SERIES. See

  DO YOU KNOW WHERE I’M GOING.

THE STORY BEHIND FILM. Eastman Kodak Co. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Eastman Kodak Co.; 18Dec71 (in notice: 1970); MP23024.

STORY OF A GREAT CITY: NEW YORK (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 56 fr.; pt. 2, 55 fr.), color, 35 mm. With guide, by
Edward Dubrowsky, 1 v. © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 8Jan70; A375464.

STRANGE MONSTER OF STRAWBERRY COVE, PT. 1. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. 1971–72 series.

STRANGE PHENOMENA (Filmstrip) Teaching Resources Development Center.
Distributed by Society for Visual Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: T486–1–-T486–6: Loch Ness monster. 39 fr.--Unusual science
  facts. 44 fr:--ESP. 49 fr.--Mind over matter. 42 fr.--ESP in animals
  and men. 43 fr.--Precognition. 43 fr.

  © Teaching Resources Development Center; 4Aug72; JP14312.

THE STRATEGY. See

  A STRATEGY FOR TEACHING VALUES.

A STRATEGY FOR TEACHING VALUES (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (First things) With
Discussion guide, by Thomas Lickona, 75 p.

  Contents: Pt. 1–3: The strategy. 62 fr.--The teacher’s role. 61 fr.--A
  classroom model. 49 fr.

  Credits: Photographers, Ron Gabel, William T. Martin & Ron Tunison;
  editors, Jere Lupecky & Bill Furstenberg.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Bill Furstenberg & Thomas Lickona.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 15Sep72; A370559.

STRATEGY OF TERROR. Roncom Films. Released by Universal Pictures. 90
min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Arthur H. Nadel; director, Jack Smight; writer,
  Robert L. Joseph; music scorer, Lyn Murray; director of photography,
  Bud Thackery; film editor, Sam E. Waxman.

  Cast: Hugh O’Brian, Barbara Rush, Harry Townes, Neil Hamilton,
  Frederick O’Neal.

  © Roncom Films, Inc.; 1Feb69 (in notice: 1964; LP41022.

THE STREAM. See

  ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES.

STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION OF THE EYE. See

  NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

STUDY OF PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING: REPORT BY POLLY CARPENTER. U.S. Dept.
of Health, Education & Welfare. Made by Rand Corp. 35 min., sd.
Videotape (1/2 in.) © Rand Corp.; 10Mar72; MP23026.

STYLES OF OPENING THE INDIVIDUAL INTERVIEW. Research Foundation of the
City University of New York. Made by Guidance Laboratory, City
University of New York. 37 min., sd. Videotape (1/2 in.)

  Credits: Producer-director, Bert Flugman.

  © Research Foundation of the City University of New York; 30Jul72;
  MP23170.

SUBCUTANEOUS AND INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTIONS. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 1.

EL SUBJUNTIVO PRESENTE. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
With tape. Title In English also on appl.: The present subjunctive. ©
San Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in notice: 1971);
JP14294.

SUMERIAN ARTIFACTS. See

  THE EMERGENCE OF COMPLEX SOCIETIES.

SUMMER HOUSE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE SUMMER OF ’72. American National Red Cross. 8 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American National Red Cross; 17Oct72; MP23324.

THE SUN. McGraw-Hill Films. Made by Haberstroh Studio. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
7Aug72 (in notice: 1968); MP23194.

SUNDAY SCHOOL IS FOR ALL. Christian Science Board of Directors. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 19Jun72;
MU8467.

SUNNY AND BEAMY. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SUNRISE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SUPERBEAST. United Artists Corp. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, George Schenck; music composer &
  conductor, Richard LaSalle; director of photography, Nonong Rasca;
  film editor, Tony Di Marco.

  Cast: Antoinette Bower, Craig Littler, Harry Lauter, Vic Diaz, Jose
  Romulo.

  © United Artists Corp.; 27Sep72; LP41340.

SUPERVISING BY OBJECTIVES (Filmstrip) Addison-Wesley Pub. Co. Made by
Loen-Brandt. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Loen-Brandt,
Inc. (principals: Steven C. Brandt & Ray Loen) © Addison-Wesley Pub.
Co., Inc.; 27May71; JP14290.

SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL SERPENT. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch
Cinema Co. © United Artists Corp.; 9Jul72; LP41099.

SURFING. See

  SPORTS.

THE SURGING SURF. Noble & Noble, Publishers. Made by Materials for
Today’s Learning. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Noble &
Noble, Publishers, Inc.; 27Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22969.

SURPRISED WIFE. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

SWEDEN: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X312–A--X312–D: What is Sweden? 64 fr.--Land, features and
  cities. 64 fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry. 53 fr.--Life in
  Sweden. 60 fr.

  Credits: Photographer, Bruce Thomas.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14267.

SWEET SUGAR. Dimension Pictures. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Charles S. Swartz, director, Michel Levesque;
  story, R. Z. Samuel; screenplay, Donald Spencer, music, Don Gere.

  Cast: Phyllis Elizabeth Davis, Ella Edwards, Timothy Brown, Pamela
  Collins, Cliff Osmond.

  © Dimension Pictures, Inc.; 23May72; LP41004.


                                   T

TAILGATE PICNIC, Quality Bakers of America. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Quality Bakers of America; 21Mar66; MP23287.

TAKING A GOOD LOOK AT SCIENCE (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
Troll Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Taking a look at buoyancy. 50 fr.--Taking a look at magnets.
  63 fr.--Taking a look at light. 41 fr.--Taking a look at heat. 58
  fr.--Taking a look at sound. 50 fr.--Taking a look at electricity. 52
  fr.

  Credits: General editor, Bertram M. Siegel.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Dec71; JP14256.

TALES FROM THE GRIMM BROTHERS (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 928–1–-928–4: Rapunzel. 52 fr.--The frog prince. 52
  fr.--Cinderella. 52 fr.--The valiant tailor. 53 fr.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 30Aug72; JP14238–14235.

TALES OF JUNGLE CHILDREN. See

  BANTU.

A TALK WITH CARMEN D’AVINO. Cecile Starr. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Music performer, H. Aram Gulezyan.

  © Cecile Starr; 1Nov72; MP23258.

TALKING AND LEARNING WITH SIGHS AND SIGNALS. See

  READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.

TALKING LOAF. Quality Bakers of America. 10 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Quality Bakers of America; 12Mar66; MP23288.

TAT AND TOE’S TALE (Filmstrip) Innovative Resources. 31 fr., color, 35
mm.

  Credits; By Jan Kavanagh & Nancy MacKay.

  © Nancy MacKay & Jan Kavanagh; 2Mar72; JP14169.

TAUW. Broadcasting & Film Commission, National Council of Churches. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Broadcasting & Film Commission, National
Council of Churches; 20Aug71; MP23314.

TAX SERVICE MANAGERS. Beneficial Corp. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Beneficial Corp.; 16Dec71; MP22952.

TAYLOR WINES. Enzo Stuarti & Sherman Ford, Jr. 1 min., sd. © Enzo
Stuarti & Sherman Ford, Jr.; 3Nov72; MU8495.

THE TAYLORS. See

  AMERICAN FAMILIES.

TEACHING HISTORY, GEOGRAPHY, CIVICS. Kingsbury Center. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Learning for a lifetime: the academic club method, pt. 4)
Appl. author: Sally L. Smith. © Sally L. Smith & Kingsbury Center, Inc.;
7Jul72; MP23136.

TEACHING SELF-RELIANT HEALING. Christian Science Board of Directors. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors;
19Jun72; MU8465.

TEACHER’S PET. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

THE TEACHER’S ROLE. See

  A STRATEGY FOR TEACHING VALUES.

TECHNIQUES OF ARREST. I. Woroner Films. 20 min., sd. (Officer training)
© Woroner Films, Inc.; 27Jul72; MU8473.

TEDDY AT THE THROTTLE. See

  DECODING LANGUAGE IN GRAPHEMIC FORM BY MEANS OF GRAPHEME-PHONEME
  CORRESPONDENCES, CONTEXTUAL CLUES, AND DICTIONARY SYMBOLS.

TEETH ARE FOR CHEWING. Walt Disney Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Walt Disney Productions; 29Sep71; MP23091.

TELEVISION AID TO AIRCRAFT INSTRUMENT LANDING. Henry L. Reitler. 8 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Henry L. Reitler; 10Oct72; MU8493.

TELL IT LIKE I’M TELLING YOU IT IS. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

TELLY SAVALAS EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

TEMPLES OF INANNA. See

  THE EMERGENCE OF COMPLEX SOCIETIES.

THE TEST. See

  LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD. Show no. 13.

A TEST OF VIOLENCE. Universal Pictures, Ltd. 15 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
A Sawbuck production. Produced with full cooperation from Marlborough
Galleries in London.

  Credits: Producer, Daniel Rees; director, Stuart Cooper; music
  composer, Paul Glass; special optical effects, Rex Neville; still
  photographer, Ken Wainman; camera operator, Stan Mestel; editor, Alex
  Rayment.

  © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 17Dec69; LP41145.

THANKSGIVING. See

  HOLIDAY SERIES.

THAT UNDISCOVERED COUNTRY. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

THEIR HANDICRAFTS. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.

THEIR HISTORY. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.

THEIR LIFE TODAY. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.

THEIR RELIGIONS. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.

THEN CAME BRONSON. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Approx. 60 min. each,
sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with NBC-TV Network. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.

  Against a cold, blank wall. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writer, Rik Vollaerts. © 24Dec69; LP41249.

  All the world and God. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert
  Sabaroff; writer, Gustave Field. © 3Dec69; LP41247.

  Amid splinters of the thunderbolt. Credits: Producers, Robert H.
  Justman & Robert Sabaroff; writer, Don Ingalls. © 22Oct69; LP41242.

  A circle of time. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert
  Sabaroff; writer, Robert Malcolm Young. © 8Oct69; LP41240.

  A famine where abundance grows. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman
  & Robert Sabaroff; writer, Frank Paris. © 1Oct69; LP41239.

  The forest primeval. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert
  Sabaroff; writers, Thomas Yates Drake & Jon Edward Manson. © 4Mar70;
  LP41256.

  The gleam of the eagle mind. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writer, Don Ingalls. © 31Dec69; LP41250.

  A long trip to yesterday. Credits: Producer, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writer, Robert L. Goodwin. © 10Dec69; LP41248.

  Lucky day. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert Sabaroff;
  writer, Arthur H. Singer; rewrite, Lionel. © 4Feb70; LP41253.

  The Mary R. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert Sabaroff;
  writer, Marvin Walkenstein. © 25Mar70; LP41258.

  Mating dance for tender grass. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writer, Jack Morse. © 31Dec69; LP41251.

  The mountain. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert Sabaroff;
  writer, Meyer Dolinsky. © 18Feb70; LP41254.

  The 99 mile circle. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert
  Sabaroff; writers, Susan Harris & Lisabeth Hush. © 11Mar70; LP41257.

  The old motorcycle fiasco. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writers, Tom Drake & Jon Manson. © 24Sep69; LP41238.

  Old tigers never die, they just run away. Credits: Producers, Robert
  H. Justman & Robert Sabaroff; writer, Ed Adamson. © 5Nov69; LP41244.

  The runner. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert Sabaroff;
  writer, Lionel E. Siegel. © 17Sep69; LP41237.

  Still waters. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert Sabaroff;
  writer, Ben Masselink. © 25Feb70; LP41255.

  That undiscovered country. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writer, Ben Masselink. © 28Jan70; LP41252.

  The 3:13 arrives at noon. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writer, Lee Cronin. © 29Oct69; LP41243.

  Two percent of nothing. Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman & Robert
  Sabaroff; writer, D. C. Fontana. © 26Nov69; LP41246.

  What’s an ark without centaurs? Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman
  & Robert Sabaroff; writer, Nancy Skiba. © 1Apr70; LP41259.

  Where will the trumpets be? Credits: Producers, Robert H. Justman &
  Robert Sabaroff; writer, Robert Sabaroff. © 15Oct69; LP41241.

  Your love is like a demolition derby in my heart. Credits: Producers,
  Robert H. Justman & Robert Sabaroff; writer, Tom Drake. © 19Nov69;
  LP41245.

THEN WE WERE THREE. See

  THREE.

THERE IS A LAW AGAINST IT. FilmFair Communications. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 15Nov72; MP23347.

THEY. Centron Educational Films. Made by Phoenix Productions. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Phoenix Productions; 31Oct72; MP23262.

THEY ALL SWIM. Noble & Noble, Publishers. Made by Materials for Today’s
Learning. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Noble & Noble,
Publishers, Inc.; 28Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22966.

THEY NEED ME (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

Contents: My mother and father need me. 26 fr.--My baby sister needs me.
26 fr.--My friends need me. 23 fr.--My dog needs me. 23 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Rosemary Luxton; script, Rosemary Luxton & Ruth
  Westphal; photographer, John Morrill.

  Appl. author: Churchill Productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 21May69; JP14332, 14334, 14331, 14333.

THEY ONLY KILL THEIR MASTERS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 98 min., sd., color,
35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, William Belasco; director, James Goldstone; writer,
  Lane Slate; music, Perry Botkin, Jr.; director of photography, Michel
  Hugo; film editor, Edward A. Biery.

  Cast: James Garner, Katharine Ross, Hal Holbrook, Harry Guardino; June
  Allyson.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 13Nov72; LP41339.

THEY’RE EITHER TOO YOUNG OR TOO OLD. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

THE THICKET. See

  ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES.

THINGS ARE TOUGH ALL OVER. See

  DISCOVERY STORIES.

THINGS THAT SHOW US GOD. See

  BIRTHDAYS ARE BEGINNINGS.

THINGS TO SEE. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

THINGS TO TOUCH. See

  WORDS AND SOUNDS.

THINGS YOU WILL SEE. See

  GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.

THINK TWICE (Filmstrip) Bank of America N.T. & S.A. Made by Training
Dept., World Headquarters. 93 fr., color, 35 mm. (Big Jeff’s casefile,
no. 1) © Bank of America N.T. & S.A.; 19Jun72; JP14476.

THIRD LEVEL READING PROGRAM. See

  THE FIRST AMERICANS.

THIS IS FRAUD! FilmFair Communications. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
FilmFair, Inc.; 15Nov72; MP23346.

THREE. Obelisk Productions. Released by United Artists Corp. 104 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the story Then we were three, by Irwin Shaw.

  Credits: Producer, Bruce Becker; director & writer, James Salter;
  music composer & conductor, Laurence Rosenthal; camera, Etienne
  Becker; editor, Edward Nielsen.

  Cast: Charlotte Rampling, Robie Porter, Sam Waterston, Pascale
  Roberts, Edina Ronay.

  © Obelisk Productions, Inc. (in notice: Obelisk Productions, Ltd.);
  23Dec69; LP41201.

3, 4, OPEN THE DOOR. Metropolitan Applied Research Center. 22 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, director, editor & filmer, Gene Ayres; narrator,
  Mamie Phipps Clark.

  © Metropolitan Applied Research Center, Inc.; 11Aug72; MU8475.

THREE GIFTS. See

  ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.

THE THREE HAPPY LIONS (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University Films. 48
fr., color, 35 mm. Based on the Happy lion books, written by Louise
Fatio & illustrated by Roger Duvoisin.

  Credits: Producers & art directors, Marvin L. Reiter & Ed Dahlin.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  Appl. states prev. pub. 17Jul59, & reg. A399994. NM: additions.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 18Aug72 (in notice: 1971); JP14483.

THE THREE ROBBERS. Weston Woods Studios. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From
the book written & illus. by Tomi Ungerer. Appl. author: Morton
Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 19Jun72; LP41024.

3:13 ARRIVES AT NOON. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

THY NEIGHBOR LOVES THEE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

TICKET FOR BERTRILLE. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 68.

TIME FOR A CHANGE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

TIMETABLE FOR VIETNAM. See

  CBS REPORTS.

TITAN. See

  DAN AUGUST.

TO CATCH A THIEF, See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

TO TELL THE TRUTH. Goodson-Todman Enterprises. Approx. 30 min., sd.,
color. Videotape (2 in.) © Goodson-Todman Enterprises, Ltd.

  Episode

  0011. Credits: Producer, Bruno Zirato, Jr.; director, Paul Alter. ©
  29Jul69; MP22941.

TOASTERS AND TESTING PROCEDURES. See

  ELECTRICAL SERVICE AND APPLIANCE REPAIR.

TOBACCO. See

  FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.

TODAY’S TIRES, FACTS AND FIXES (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 91 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
session no. 72–12) © Chrysler Corp.; 28Sep72; JP14381.

TOGETHER: FRED S. KELLER AND B. F. SKINNER. Pt. 1: The early years; pt.
2: 1930 to tomorrow. Meredith Corp; 2 motion pictures (1 reel each),
sd., color, 16 mm. An Edumat production.

  Credits: By Fred S. Keller & B. F. Skinner.

  © Meredith Corp.; 14Sep72; MP23052.

TOKEN ECONOMY. CRM Productions. 21 min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Psychology
today films)

  Cast: B. F. Skinner.

  © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc,; 1JU172; MP23201.

TOMMY TORRES AND HIS TALL TALES. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

TONGUES AND THINGS. See

  READING WITH RIDDLES.

TONY RANDALL EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

TOO, TOO, TOO HOT (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 46 fr., color, 35
mm. (Bilingual stories, series 1) With Teacher’s guide, 10 p.

  Credits: Writer & illustrator, Mark Rubin.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 6Apr72; A375462.

TOPICS IN ALGEBRA (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye Gate
House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X328–A--X328–F: Complete factorization. 57 fr.--Positive
  integral exponents: introduction. 56 fr.--Positive integral exponents:
  operations. 59 fr.--Multiplying polynomials. 57 fr.--Radicals:
  simplifying product. 65 fr.--Radicals: simplifying quotient. 62 fr.

  Credits: General editor, Ruth Kemish.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14262.

TOURISM AND RETIREMENT. See

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

TOWER OF FRESHNESS. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

TOY-LENDING LIBRARY. See

  LEARNING AND GROWING & LEARNING.

TRABAJOS Y DIVERSIONES. See

  INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR.

TRACKDOWN. See

  DAN AUGUST.

TRAFFIC APPLIANCES. See

  ELECTRICAL SERVICE AND APPLIANCE REPAIR.

TRAILERS AWAY. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Marcom.
Distributed by Modern Talking Pictures Co. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Cast: Tom Campbell, Charles Yerbic.

  © Oldsmobile Div., General Motors Corp.; 23Sep72; MP23200.

TRANSPORTACION, Y LA FIESTA BRAVA. See

  INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR.

TRANSPORTATION. See

  WATER AND HOW WE USE IT.

TRANSPORTATION AND COMMUNICATION IN JAPAN. See

  JAPAN.

TRAVELS IN THE INTERIOR OF NORTH AMERICA. James Jerome Hill Reference
Library. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on Maximilian of Wied’s text
& Karl Bodmer’s hand-colored plates depicting their travels.

  Credits: Producer, Virgil F. Massman; narrator, Ralph R. Smith.

  © James Jerome Hill Reference Library; 25May72; MP23105.

TRIAL OF THE FOX. See

  ANIMAL FABLES.

TRICKS. Gregory Vorster Pickup. 90 min., sd., color.

  Credits: Technical engineer, Gregory Reid Sherman.

  © Gregory Vorster Pickup & Gregory Reid Sherman; 31Oct72; LU3638.

TRIP TO [VARIOUS PLACES] See

  CLASSROOM JOURNEYS.

TROPICAL FISHES. Noble & Noble, Publishers. Made by Materials for
Today’s Learning. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Noble &
Noble, Publishers, Inc.; 28Apr71 (in notice: 1970); MP22965.

TRUST IN THE LORD. See

  SEEDS OF TRAGEDY.

TURNING POINT. See

  MATHEW BRADY AND THE CIVIL WAR.

THE 20% CUT. Xicom. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizations in
crisis) © Xicom, Inc.; 23May71; LP41012.

THE TWINS SET OUT. See

  A VISIT TO THE FATHER.

TWO-HEADED DRAGON. See

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

TWO LANE BLACKTOP. Michael Laughlin Enterprises. Released by Universal
Pictures. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm.

  Cast: James Taylor, Dennis Wilson, Laurie Bird, Warren Oates.

  © Universal Pictures & Michael Laughlin Enterprises, Inc.; 7Jul71;
  LP41092.

TWO PERCENT OF NOTHING. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY (Filmstrip) Churchill Films. 4 filmstrips,
color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Is Anyone to blame? 45 fr.--A place in the family. 37
  fr.--Have you felt hurt? 41 fr.--Have you wanted to be alone? 43 fr.

  Credits: By Hal Smith & Lisa Van Deusen.

  Appl. author: Churchill Productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 27Aug70; JP14358–14361.

TWO THOUSAND WOMEN. Gainsborough Pictures [England] Distributed by Rank
Organisation. 97 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. A Walter Reade Organization
presentation.

  Cast: Phyllis Calvert, Flora Robson, Patricia Roc, Renee Houston,
  Reginald Purdell.

  © Gainsborough Pictures (1928) Ltd. & General Film Distributors, Ltd.;
  22Aug44; LF98.

TWO’S COMPANY. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

TYPESETTER. See

  JOBS IN PRINTING.


                                   U

U TO Z. See

  THE ALPHABET CITY.

THE UNBIRTHDAY PRESENT. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

UNDER ARREST. See

  OPERATION: STREET ENCOUNTER.

UNDERSTANDING A WORD PROBLEM SITUATION. See

  SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.

UNDERSTANDING AUTO AIR CONDITIONING. Murray Corp. Made by Foster &
Greene Advertising. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: Understanding
automobile air conditioning. © Murray Corp.; 24Apr72; MP22942.

UNDERSTANDING PEOPLE--AND ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE. Glenn W. Turner
Enterprises. 1 reel, sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Adventure IV) Loop film. ©
Turner Enterprises a.a.d.o. Glenn W. Turner Enterprises, Inc.; 20Jan72
(in notice: 1971); MP23341.

UNDERSTANDING STRESSES AND STRAINS. Walt Disney Productions. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Walt Disney Productions; 30Jul68; MP23163.

UNDERSTANDING VERBAL DESCRIPTIONS. See

  SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.

UNDERSTANDING YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE ORGANIZATION (Filmstrip)
Harris-Tuchman Productions. 104 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Fran
Harris. © Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.; 30Jun72; JP14228.

UNDERSTANDING YOUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHERS (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman
Productions. 107 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Fran Harris. ©
Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.; 30Jun72; JP14227.

UNDERSTANDING YOURSELF (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman Productions. 105 fr.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Fran Harris. © Harris-Tuchman Productions,
Inc.; 30Jun72; JP14229.

UNION FOREVER. See

  DAN AUGUST.

UNIT 4. Xicom. 4 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Xicom, Inc.; 1Mar69 (in
notice: 1970); MP22973.

UNIT 7A & 7B. Xicom. 6 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Xicom, Inc.; 1Mar69 (in
notice: 1970); MP22953.

UNIT 9. Xicom. 4 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Xicom, Inc.; 1Mar69 (in
notice: 1970); MP22954.

UNIT 12. Xicom. 3 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Xicom, Inc.; 1Mar69 (in
notice: 1970); MP22955.

UNIT 13. Xicom. 2 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Xicom, Inc.; 1Mar69 (in
notice: 1970); MP22956.

UNIT 16. Xicom. 6 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Xicom, Inc.; 1Mar69 (in
notice: 1970); MP22957.

UNREASONABLE FACSIMILE. See

  IRONSIDE.

THE UNUSUAL CHILD: CLEFT LIP/PALATE. See

  DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. Lesson 107.

UNUSUAL SCIENCE FACTS. See

  STRANGE PHENOMENA.

URBAN AMERICA AS WE SEE IT (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 96
fr., color, 35 mm. With discussion guide, by Susanne Greene, 40 p.

  Credits; Photography & discussion, Finis Howard & others; editor,
  Susanne Greene.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Susanne Greene.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 27Jul72; A357605.

THE URINARY TRACT (Filmstrip) Warner/Chilcott Laboratories. Made by
Teletape Corp. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Product scientific
information)

  Contents: Pt. 1–2: Anatomy and physiology. 102 fr.--Diseases and
  treatment. 121 fr.

  © Warner-Chilcott Laboratories, division of Warner-Lambert Co.;
  27Oct72; JU13171, 13175.

USE THE PRODUCT TO HELP SELL YOURSELF (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
Chrysler Corp.; 28Jun72; JP14188.

USING MEDIA. See

  USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.

USING NUMBER SENTENCES. See

  SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.

USING TODAY’S LIBRARY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Eye
Gate House. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X302A-X302F: What is your library? 43 fr.--Browsing for
  books. 53 fr.--The reference library: finding facts. 54 fr.--The
  catalog: key to the library. 51 fr.--Periodicals and how to use them.
  48 fr.--Using media. 55 fr.

  Credits: Senior photographer, Vincent A. Greco.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14272.


                                   V

VD: EVERY 30 SECONDS. Alfred Higgins Productions. 17 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 22Jun71; MP23123.

VD: PREVENT IT. Alfred Higgins Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 19Nov71; MP23124.

THE /š/ SOUND, Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) San Antonio Independent School
District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. Color, Super 8 mm.
With tape. © San Antonio Independent School District; 30Jun72 (in
notice: 1971); JP14296.

VALVE SERVICE: DISASSEMBLY AND INSPECTION PROCEDURES. (Filmstrip) MSJC
Productions. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, J–10A)

  Credits: Planner & writer, Ivan Hinerman.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Mar72; JP14182.

VALVE SERVICE: FACING AND ROCKER ARM SERVICE. (Filmstrip) MSJC
Productions. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, J–10B)

  Credits: Planner & writer, Ivan Hinerman.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Mar72; JP14183.

VALVE SERVICE: SEATING & ASSEMBLY PROCEDURES. (Filmstrip) Mt. San
Jacinto College. 39 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, J–10C)

  Credits: Planner & writer, Ivan Hinerman.

  © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
  District; 1Mar72; JP14248.

VAN JOHNSON EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

VANDALS. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 66.

VERY DIFFERENT DRUMMER. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

VERY YOUNG MAN WITH A HORN. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

VICE VERSA. See

  ADAM–12. Log no. 56.

VIDA HISPANICA. See

  INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR.

VINCENT PRICE EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

VISCERAL REFLEXES AND TASTE: VISCERAL MOTOR AND SENSORY COMPONENTS.
Teaching Films. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of
brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 3Nov72;
MU8499.

A VISIT TO THE FATHER (Filmstrip) Centron Educational Films. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Episode 1–4: The twins set out. 98 fr.--The journey to Sun
  Bearer’s house. 98 fr.--At the home of the Sun Bearer. 104
  fr.--Killing the monster giant. 69 fr.

  Credits: Editor & illustrator, Auska Kee (George C. Mitchell)

  © Centron Corp., Inc.; 28Aug72; JP14246.

VISIT TO UPRIGHT. See

  BONANZA.

VIVIAN AND WALLY. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.


                                   W

W. CLEMENT STONE, COMBINED INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA. See

  CONVERSATION.

WAITING AROUND. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

WALTER. International Union, U.A.W. Made by Teletape Detroit. 3 1/2
reels, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © International Union, U.A.W.; 22Jun72; MU8468.

WALTER BRENNAN EPISODE. See

  THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

WALTER D. EDMONDS: THE PRESENCE OF THE PAST. Silver Burdett Co. Made by
Davidson Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Writers on writing) ©
General Learning Corp.; 19Jun72; MP22893.

WALTER LANTZ BEARY FAMILY CARTUNE. See

  THE BUNGLING BUILDER.

  CHARLIE IN HOT WATER.

  CHARLIE’S GOLF CLASSIC.

WALTER LANTZ CHILLY WILLY CARTUNE. See

  CHILLY’S COLD WAR.

  CHILLY’S ICE FOLLY.

  A GOONEY IS BORN.

  GOONEY’S GOOFY LANDINGS.

WALTER LANTZ WOODY WOODPECKER CARTUNE. See

  ALL HAMS ON DECK.

  BUSTER’S LAST STAND.

  COO COO NUTS.

  FLIM FLAM FOUNTAIN.

  HI-RISE WISE GUYS.

  KITTY FROM THE CITY.

  SHANGHAI WOODY.

  SLEEPY TIME CHIMES.

  THE SNOOZIN’ BRUIN.

  WOODY’S MAGIC TOUCH.

THE WANGS. See

  AMERICAN FAMILIES.

WAR BEGINS. See

  MATHEW BRADY AND THE CIVIL WAR.

THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN. Cinema Center Films. Released by National
General Pictures Corp. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Suggested by
writings & drawings of James Thurber, including The last flower.

  Credits: Producer, Danny Arnold; director, Melville Shavelson;
  writers, Melville Shavelson & Danny Arnold; animation designer &
  supervisor, Robert Dranko; music, Marvin Hamlisch; director of
  photography, Charles F. Wheeler; film editor, Frank Bracht.

  Cast: Jack Lemmon, Barbara Harris, Jason Robards, Herb Edelman, Lisa
  Gerritsen.

  © Jalem Productions, Inc., Llenroc Productions & Four D Productions,
  Inc.; 11Apr72; LP41132.

WAR BONNET. See

  BONANZA.

WAR ENDS. See

  MATHEW BRADY AND THE CIVIL WAR.

WAR EXPANDS. See

  MATHEW BRADY AND THE CIVIL WAR.

WARFARIN AND PINDONE POISONING IN THE DOG AND CAT. Iowa State
University, College of Veterinary Medicine, Biomedical Communications
Section. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Author: William B. Buck.

  © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
  Technology; 18Jun72; MP22958.

THE WARNING BLINKER. See

  OPEN-ENDED STORIES.

WATER AND HOW WE USE IT (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 10 p.

  Contents: Power. 54 fr.--Irrigation. 54 fr.--Drinking. 51
  fr.--Industry. 51 fr.--Transportation. 55 fr.--Recreation and
  conservation. 52 fr.

  Credits: Educational collaborator, Vincent R. Rogers; script, Audrey
  J. Geis; photography, Marcel Couturier; production, M. George
  Jennings.

  © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 27Mar72;
  JP14301.

WATER DESTRUCTION (Filmstrip) Taylor-Merchant Corp. 80 fr., color, 35
mm. © M. Robert Dortch; 1May72; JP14239.

WATER DROPLET COHESION. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Produced in collaboration with National Center for
Atmospheric Research. NM: compilation authorship. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec70 (in notice: 1971); MP23013.

WATER IN THREE STATES. Doubleday Multimedia. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 14Jun72; MP23144.

WATER: LIQUID TO SOLID. Doubleday Multimedia. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 14Jun72; MP23143.

WATER POLLUTION. See

  POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.

WATTS FESTIVAL-–69. William L. DuBois. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
William L. DuBois; 15Jun72; MU8463.

WE ARE THE CITY. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Feb72;
MP23279.

WE GIVE A HOOT (Filmstrip) Bank of America National Trust & Savings
Assn. Made by Lizardi & Witte, Inc. 85 fr., color, 35 mm. © Bank of
America N. T. & S. A.; 7Feb72; JP14207.

WE HAVE TO FIND A WAY (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. Released by
Broadman Films. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v.

  Credits: Writer, Annette Wilkinson; photographers, Don Rutledge,
  Knolan Benfield & Chet Brumley.

  Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention,
  employer for hire.

  © Broadman Films; 5Jun72; A360148.

WE LOVE ANNIE. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

THE WEASEL FAMILY. Walt Disney Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm,
(Nature’s living album) © Walt Disney Productions; 26Jun68; MP23159.

WEATHER AND CLIMATE. See

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.

WEST GERMANY: A REGIONAL STUDY (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made
by Eye Gate House. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: X309A-X309D: What is West Germany? 65 fr.--Land, features
  and cities. 69 fr.--Resources, agriculture and industry. 69 fr.--Life
  in West Germany. 57 fr.

  Credits: Photographer, Bruce Thomas.

  © Educational Direction, Inc.; 1Sep72; JP14281.

WHAT ARE ME AND YOU GONNA DO. See

  POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.

WHAT CAN YOU DO. See

  FINDING YOUR JOB.

WHAT DO AFRICANS LOOK LIKE. See

  DISCOVERY: TROPICAL AFRICA.

WHAT DO YOU DO ABOUT RULES? (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York, a subsidiary of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. 2
filmstrips (pt. 1, 54 fr.; pt. 2, 53 fr.), color, 35 mm. (First things)
With Discussion guide, 54 p.

  Credits: Writer, Thomas Glynn; consultants, Lawrence Kohlberg & Robert
  Selman; artist, Gray Morrow; editor, Jere Kupecky.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Robert Selman (discussion guide) & Thomas Glynn.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 28Jun72; A350109.

WHAT DO YOU THINK? (Filmstrip) Churchill Films, 6 filmstrips, color, 35
mm.

  Contents: What do you think about finders keepers? 27 fr.--What do you
  think about tattling? 38 fr.--What do you think about lying? 39
  fr.--What do you think about promises? 34 fr.--What do you think about
  helping your family? 33 fr.--What do you think about helping your
  community? 33 fr.

  Credits: By Hal Smith & Lisa Van Deusen.

  Appl. author: Churchill Productions, Inc.

  © Churchill Films, Inc.; 16Dec69; JP14319–14320, 14315, 14318,
  14316–14317.

WHAT DOES A SIGN MEAN. See

  READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.

WHAT DOES A SIGNAL MEAN. See

  READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.

WHAT GOES UP. American Heart Assn. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Heart Assn.; 2Aug71 (in notice: 1970); MP23122.

WHAT IS AFRICA LIKE. See

  DISCOVERY: TROPICAL AFRICA.

WHAT IS CANADA. See

  CANADA: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS CLASSIFICATION. See

  ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.

WHAT IS FRANCE. See

  FRANCE: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS GREAT BRITAIN. See

  GREAT BRITAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS HOLLAND. See

  HOLLAND: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS IT. See

  POLLUTION.

WHAT IS LIFE. See

  LIFE: A UNIQUE PHENOMENON.

WHAT IS POETRY? (Filmstrip) Caedmon Records. 10 filmstrips, color, 35
mm. With Teacher’s guide & Spirit duplicating masters, by Lucille
Schulberg, Edwin Brit Wyckoff, Barbara Holdridge & Marianne Mantell, 2
v.

  Credits: Narrator, Claire Bloom.

  © Caedmon Records, Inc., subsidiary of D. C. Heath & Co.; 31Dec70;
  A357588.

WHAT IS PUERTO RICO. See

  PUERTO RICO: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS SPAIN. See

  SPAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS SWEDEN. See

  SWEDEN: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS WEST GERMANY. See

  WEST GERMANY: A REGIONAL STUDY.

WHAT IS YOUR LIBRARY. See

  USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.

WHAT IS YOUR MISSION FIELD? (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. 65 fr.,
color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the
Southern Baptist Convention, employer for hire. © Broadman Films;
7Aug72; A358245.

WHAT SHOULD I DO. See

  THE FIGHT.

  THE GAME.

  LUNCH MONEY.

  THE NEW GIRL.

  THE PROJECT.

WHAT THE NORTH CENTRAL REGION REALLY IS. See

  THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.

WHAT THE NORTHEAST REALLY IS. See

  THE NORTHEAST STATES.

WHAT THE PACIFIC COAST REGION REALLY IS. See

  THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.

WHAT THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN REGION REALLY IS. See

  THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.

WHAT THE SOUTH REALLY IS. See

  THE SOUTHERN STATES.

WHAT THE SOUTH WEST REALLY IS. See

  THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.

WHAT WE CAN DO. See

  POLLUTION.

WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU GET (Filmstrip) Dodge Division. 67 fr., color,
35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec71; JP13520.

WHAT’S AN ARK WITHOUT CENTAURS. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

WHAT’S THE MATTER WITH ALICE? Milbaker Productions & Motivision. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Richard S. MilBauer.

  © Milbaker Productions; 1Feb72; MP23132.

WHEN GENERATIONS GAP. See

  THE FLYING NUN. 80

WHEN THE CIRCUS CAME TO TOWN. See

  THE WORLD OF THE CIRCUS.

WHEN THE SHOE IS ON THE OTHER FOOT IT DOESN’T FIT. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

WHERE DO AFRICANS LIVE. See

  DISCOVERY: TROPICAL AFRICA.

WHERE DOES IT COME FROM? Group 2 (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: 685–1–-685–4: Where do we get our textiles? 51 fr.--Where do
  we get our meat? 50 fr.--Where do we get our iron? 51 fr.--Where do we
  get our seafood? 50 fr.

  Credits: Author & photographer, Hal Riehle.

  © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 20Nov72; JP14634–14631.

WHERE DOES IT HURT? Josef Shaftel Films. Distributed by Cinerama
Releasing Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel The
operator, by Rod Amateau & Budd Robinson.

  Credits: Producers, Bill Schwartz & Rod Amateau; director, Rod
  Amateau; screenplay, Rod Amateau & Budd Robinson; music score, Keith
  Allison; director of photography, Brick Marquard; film editors, Tony
  Mora & Stan Rabjohn.

  © Josef Shaftel Films, Inc.; 11Aug72 (in notice: 1971); LP41328.

WHERE WILL THE TRUMPETS BE. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

WHO IS THE CAMERA? Gerald F. Noxon. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Film
thru film, no. 5) © Gerald F. Noxon & Peter J. Chvany; 1Mar72 (in
notice: 1970); MP23291.

WHO PULLED THE BLUES RIGHT OUT OF THE HORN. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

WHO THEY ARE. See

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.

WHO WANTS TO SAIL DOWN THE AMAZON ANYWAY. See

  THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.

WHO? WHAT? WHEN? WHERE? WHY? Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 30
min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  The environment crusade. Telecast: Feb. 24, 1970. Credits: Producers,
  Bernard Birnbaum & Philip Scheffler; reporters, Roger Mudd & David
  Culhane; correspondent, Walter Cronkite. © 23Feb70; MP23016.

  The heritage of Apollo. Telecast: Aug. 26, 1969. Credits: Producer,
  Vern Diamond; correspondent, Mike Wallace. © 25Aug69; MP23015.

WHY. See

  THE WHYS AND HOWS OF STUDENT FILMMAKING.

WHY AND HOW OF PLANT CLASSIFICATION. See

  PLANT CLASSIFICATION.

WHY AVIATION AEROSPACE EDUCATION? (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 83 fr.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. states prev. reg. 3Dec68, JP11076 & prev. pub.
29Aug68. NM: pictorial illus. © Sanderson Films, Inc.; 22Oct71; JP14251.

WHY DO YOU BUY? Gilbert Altschul Productions. Released by Journal Films.
10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: David Altschul. © Gilbert
Altschul Productions, Inc.; 15Jun72 (in notice: 1971); MP23238.

WHY METRICS. Beloit Tool Corp. 14 min., sd., color. © Beloit Tool Corp.;
23Jun72; LU3634.

WHY METRICS. Regal Beloit. Made by University of Wisconsin Extension,
Dept. of Photography--Cinema. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. states
prev. reg. 23Jun72, LU3634. © Regal Beloit, division of Beloit Tool
Corp.; 30Aug72; LP41175.

WHY TALK ABOUT SEX? Christian Science Board of Directors. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 19Jun72; MU8464.

WHY THE CHIMES RANG. See

  CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS.

WHY WE LIVE IN FAMILIES. See

  FAMILY SERIES.

THE WHYS AND HOWS OF STUDENT FILMMAKING (Filmstrip) Urban Media
Materials. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.

  Contents: Why? 53 fr.--How? 49 fr. Appl. author: Edward Dubrowsky.

  © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 19Aug70; JP14608.

WILD ANIMALS. See

  THE RICH MAN AND THE SHOE-MAKER & BRIAN WILDSMITH’S WILD ANIMALS.

THE WILD CAT FAMILY--THE COUGAR. Walt Disney Productions. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Nature’s living album) © Walt Disney Productions;
21May68; MP23157.

THE WILD DOG FAMILY--THE COYOTE. Walt Disney Productions. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm, (Nature’s living album) © Walt Disney Productions;
20Sep68; MP23160.

WILD SEASON. Emil Nofal Films. Released by Universal Pictures. 92 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Producer, Jans Rautenbach; director & writer, Emil Noval;
  music, Roy Martin; director of photography, Vincent G. Cox;
  supervising editor, Peter Henkel.

  Cast: Gert Van Den Bergh, Marie Du Toit, Joe Stewardson, Janis
  Reinhardt, Anthony Thomas.

  © Emil Nofal Films; 2Nov67; LP41030.

WILDERNESS ADVENTURES FILM. See

  DARE THE WILDEST RIVER.

WILDFIRE! Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
Films, Inc. presentation. A Ronox production.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Jeff Myrow; narrator, Lorne
  Greene; music composer & conductor, Robert Drasnin; film editor, Peter
  C. Johnson.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 5Feb71; LP41142.

WILLIAM KLEIN. See

  CONVERSATION.

WINDOW CLEANER. See

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

WOLVES AND THE WOLF MEN. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. A Films, Inc. presentation. Produced in association with
Time-Life Books.

  Credits: Producer, director & writer, Irwin Rosten; narrator, James
  Coburn; music score composer & conductor, Elmer Bernstein; principal
  photographer, John A. Alonzo; film editor, Bud Friedgen.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 18Nov69; LP41141.

WONDER SERIES. See

  CLOUDS AND RAIN AND THINGS.

THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. Walt Disney Productions. Approx. 60 min.
each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. © Walt Disney
Productions.

  1971–72 series.

  Chango, guardian of the Mayan treasure. Cast: Juan Maldonado, Alonzo
  Fuentes, Alex Tinne. © 13Mar72; LP41321.

  Charlie Crowfoot and the coati mundi. Cast: Robert Keyworth, Edward
  Colunga. © 31Aug71; LP41316.

  The city fox. © 11Feb72; LP41323.

  Dad, can I borrow the car? Credits: Producer-director-writer, Ward
  Kimball. © 3Apr72 (in notice: 1970); LP41326.

  Hacksaw, pt. 1–2, Cast: Tab Hunter, Russ McCubbin. © 14Sep71, LP41317;
  17Sep71; LP41318.

  Justin Morgan had a horse, pt. 1–2. Cast: R. G. Armstrong, Don Murray.
  © 3Feb72; LP41324; 11Feb72; LP41325.

  Lefty, the ding-a-ling lynx, pt. 1–2. © 18Nov71, LP41319; 23Nov71,
  LP41320.

  Michael O’Hara the fourth, pt. 1–2. Cast: Jo Ann Harris, Dan Dailey,
  Michael McGreevey. © 23Mar72, LP41314; 31Mar72, LP41315.

  Mountain born. Cast: Sam Austin, Jolene Terry. © 7Jan72; LP41322.

  The strange monster of Strawberry Cove, pt. 1. From the story by
  Bertrand R. Brinley. Cast: Burgess Meredith, Agnes Moorehead, Annie
  McEveety, Patrick Creamer. © 13Oct71; LP41313.

WOODY’S MAGIC TOUCH. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (A
Walter Lantz Woody Woodpecker cartune)

  Credits: Director, Paul J. Smith; story, Dale Hale; animators, Virgil
  Ross & others; music, Walter Greene; voices, Dal McKennon & Grace
  Stafford.

  © Universal Pictures; 5Jul71; LP41273.

WORDS AND SOUNDS. Set 1 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University Films.
6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide.

  Contents: Sounds all around. 38 fr.--Sounds of farm and field. 38
  fr.--Sounds around the home. 38 fr.--Things to see. 37 fr.--Things to
  touch. 39 fr.--Noses and tongues. 40 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Marvin L. Reiter; author, Louise Binder Scott; art
  director, Ed Dahlin; illustrator, June Goldsborough.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Apr72 (in notice 1971); JP14388–14393.

WORDS AND SOUNDS. Set 4 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films/University Films.
6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide.

  Contents: The long a vowel sound: ar, air. 41 fr.--The long e vowel
  sound: ear. 42 fr.--The long i vowel sound. 42 fr.--The long o vowel
  sound. 42 fr.--The long and short oo sounds. 41 fr.--The ou-ow sounds,
  the oi-oy sounds: review of consonants and vowels. 44 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Marvin L. Reiter; author, Louise Binder Scott; art
  director, Ed Dahlin; illustrator, Craig Flessel.

  Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.

  © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 19May72 (in notices: 1971); JP14382–14387.

WORKING FOR SOMEONE ELSE. See

  FINDING YOUR JOB.

WORKING IN [OCCUPATIONS] See

  EDUCATION FOR OCCUPATIONS.

WORKING IN THE POLITICAL WORLD. See

  NOW YOU ARE A VOTER.

WORKING WORLD OF A SECRETARY. See

  BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.

THE WORLD OF THE ABUSER. See

  FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.

THE WORLD OF THE CIRCUS (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 4
filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With 4 teacher’s guides. Produced with the
cooperation of Circus World Museum, Baraboo, Wisc.

  Contents: A104–1–-A104–4: Let’s visit a circus museum. 60 fr.--Here
  comes the circus parade! 70 fr.--When the circus came to town. 65
  fr.--Five circus music makers. 74 fr.

  Credits: Producer, Marc F. Ellis; writer, Carolyn R. Ellis.

  © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 16Aug71; A357627.

WORLD RELIGIONS IN THE NEW WORLD (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. 65 fr.,
color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the
Southern Baptist Convention. © Broadman Films; 7Aug72; A358244.

WORMS. See

  ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.

WORST CRIME. See

  DAN AUGUST.

THE WRATH OF GOD. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
Rainbow Productions, Inc.-Cineman Films, Ltd. production. Based on the
novel by James Graham.

  Credits: Associate producer, William S. Gilmore, Jr.; director &
  screenplay, Ralph Nelson; music, Lalo Schifrin; director of
  photography, Alex Phillips, Jr.; film editor, J. Terry Williams.

  Cast: Robert Mitchum, Frank Langella, John Colicos, Victor Buono, Ken
  Hutchison.

  © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 27Jun72; LP41002.

WRITERS ON WRITING. See

  ERNEST GAINES: BLOOD LINES IN INK.

  JAMES HOUSTON: THE VISION BEYOND THE MASK.

  WALTER D. EDMONDS: THE PRESENCE OF THE PAST.


                                   Y

YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT. See

  NIGHT OF THE LEPUS.

YO-YO GETS ZORRO ZERO. See

  PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

YOU AND YOUR COMPANY. See

  SALES ORIENTATION.

YOU CAN’T BEAT THE BASICS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 62 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler
Corp.; 1Sep72; JP14379.

YOUNG, SINGLE AND PREGNANT (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 51 fr.; pt. 2, 57 fr.),
color, 35 mm. With Discussion guide, by Susan Worth, 35 p.

  Credits: Writers, Robert & Adele Maucker; editor, Richard Worth;
  photographers, Ron Gabel & Barbara Brainerd.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York, employer
  for hire of Robert & Adele Maucker & Susan Worth.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 13Oct72; A377150.

YOUNGER BROTHERS’ YOUNGER BROTHER. See

  BONANZA.

YOUR CAREER IN MODELING. Barbizon School of Modeling. Made by CinemaLeto
Associates. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Frank S. Leto. ©
Frank S. Leto d.b.a. CinemaLeto Associates; 22Feb72; MP23150.

YOUR CHILD’S SAFETY. See

  ACCIDENT PREVENTION.

YOUR COMPANY. See

  SALES ORIENTATION.

YOUR FIRST WEEK ON THE JOB (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
Pleasantville, New York. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 92 fr.; pt. 2, 101 fr.),
color, 35 mm. With Discussion guide, 57 p.

  Credits: Producers, Marjorie Burren & Peter Kaufman; director, Gary
  Goldberg; photographer, Ron Tunison.

  Appl. authors: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, N.Y., employer
  for hire of Ruth Seldin (discussion guide) & others.

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 19Sep72; A370558.

YOUR INTRODUCTION TO THE MOTOR SKILLS DEVELOPMENT LABORATORY (Filmstrip)
Educational Progress Corp. 86 fr., color, 35 mm.

  Credits: Script, Grant McClintock; photographer, Lars Speyer.

  © Educational Progress Corp.; 20Dec71 (in notice: 1972); JP14311.

YOUR LAND IS OUR LAND. United Air Lines. Made by Studio Seven. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © United Air Lines, Inc.; 2Aug72; MP22986.

YOUR LIFE, YOUR SECURITY. Costello Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm.

  Credits: By Joseph R. Masefield.

  Appl. states prev. reg. 24Nov71, MU8384. NM: revision, photo-animation
  sequences, music, narration.

  © Costello Productions, division of JC Vending Machines, Inc. & Joseph
  R. Masefield; 7Sep72; MU8479.

YOUR LOVE IS LIKE A DEMOLITION DERBY IN MY HEART. See

  THEN CAME BRONSON.

YOUR MARKETS. See

  SALES ORIENTATION.

YOUR MONEY MATTERS. See

  BUDGETING’S FOR THE BIRDS.

  CHARGE, SAID MR. CROSS.

  HOW TO GET MONEY FROM A BANK.

  IT’S NOT ALL MAGIC, MR. MARKS.

YOUR PRODUCTS. See

  SALES ORIENTATION.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES. See

  SALES ORIENTATION.

YOUR RIGHT TO VOTE (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
York. 2 filmstrips, (pt. 1, 46 fr.; pt. 2, 60 fr.), color, 35 mm. With
Discussion guide, 30 p.

  Credits: Editor, Peter Ketchum; photographer, Owen Franken.

  Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, N.Y., employer for
  hire of Lucy McCue (discussion guide)

  © Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York; 13Oct72; A377151.

YOUR SILENT PARTNER. Organized Crime Prevention Council of Michigan.
Made by Shana Corp. 54 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Michigan Office of
Criminal Justice Programs; 1Jul72; MP23344.

YOUTH EVANGELISM (Filmstrip) Home Mission Board. Released by Broadman
Films. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Appl. author: Sunday
School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention, employer for hire. ©
Broadman Films; 8Jun72; A360146.

YOU’VE GOT TO HAVE A PLAN MAN. See

  MONEY TALKS.

YUMIKO. See

  MATT LINCOLN.


                                   Z

ZEBRA. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm.

  Credits: Producers & photographers, Peter & Jane Chermayeff.

  © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 26Jan72 (in notice:
  1971); MP23061.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of motion pictures for which renewal
registrations were made during the period covered by this issue.
Information relating to both the original and the renewal registration
is included in each entry. References from variant titles and from
distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

ADVENTURES OF RUSTY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
24Aug45; L13458. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Sep72;
R535844.

AINT THAT DUCKY? A motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
21May45; M15975. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72;
R539828.

ALASKA, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 7Oct44;
L12886. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 19Jul72; R532715.

ALASKAN GRANDEUR, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 16Mar45; M16153. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536803.

ALL STAR MUSICAL REVUE, a motion picture in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
14Nov45; M16495. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539691.

ALLOTMENT WIVES, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
8Oct45; L13707. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72; R538952.

AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
4Aug45; L13418. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539692.

ANCHORS AWEIGH, a photoplay in 15 reels by Loew’s. © 9Jul45; L13444.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jul72; R532014.

ANTS IN YOUR PANTRY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 16Feb45;
L13510. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72; R540972.

ARMY WIVES, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 25Oct44;
L12948. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 21Jul72; R532747.

ARTISTRY IN RHYTHM, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
28May45; L13293. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Jun72; R531706.

AUTHOR IN BABYLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
© 18Apr45; M15925. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531682.


                                   B

BACK TO BATAAN, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
25Jun45; L13629. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535524.

BAD MEN OF THE BORDER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
© 3Oct45; L37. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539841.

BADMINTON, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 25Oct45; L13622.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 30Oct72; R538857.

BAHAMA SEA SPORTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
27Jul45; M16063. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72;
R539834.

BANDS ACROSS THE SEA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
19Jun45; M16037. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72;
R539833.

BARBER SHOP BALLADS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 1Oct45;
L13503. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539693.

BASHFUL BUZZARD, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
24Sep45; M16310. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539684.

THE BEAUTIFUL CHEAT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Jul45; L13404. Universal Pictures (PWH); 2Oct72; R536838.

BEHIND THE MEAT-BALL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
17Apr45; M15895. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72;
R538957.

A BELL FOR ADANO, a photoplay in 12 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 5Jul45; L13530. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536797.

BELLE OF THE YUKON, a photoplay in 9 reels by International Pictures. ©
9Dec44; L12985. United Artists Corp. (PWH); 5Sep72; R537245. (See also
Belle of the Yukon; 21Jul72; R533130)

BELLE OF THE YUKON, a photoplay in 9 reels by International Pictures. ©
9Dec44; L12985. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 21Jul72; R533130.
(See also Belle of the Yukon; 5Sep72; R537245)

BIKES AND SKIS, a motion picture in 10 min. by Vitaphone Corp. ©
28Dec44; M15741. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Sep72;
R536186.

THE BIRDS AND THE BEASTS WERE THERE, a motion picture in 1 reel by
Vitaphone Corp. © 4Jan45; M15527. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
6Nov72; R538959.

BLAZING THE WESTERN TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 15Oct45; L13548. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
3Nov72; R538551.

BLONDE FROM BROOKLYN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 21Jun45; L13551. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72;
R534304.

BLONDE RANSOM, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
8Jun45; L13368. Universal Pictures (PWH); 12Jul72; R532049.

BOBBY SOCKS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 11Jul45; L13516.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72; R534302.

BOOBY HATCHED, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 17Dec44;
M299. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72; R533127.

THE BOOMERANG. See

  MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. Chap. no. 13.

BOSTON BLACKIE’S RENDEZVOUS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 23Jul45; L13405. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Aug72; R534290.

BOWERY CHAMPS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
21Oct44; L12917. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 21Jul72; R532745.

THE BREAK IN THE LEVEE. See

  MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. Chap. no. 8.

BRENDA STARR, REPORTER, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures
Corp. 2 reels each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap no.

  11. On the spot. © 6Apr45; L13419. 14Jun72; R532246.

  12. Murder at night. © 13Apr45; L13432. 14Jun72; R532247.

  13. The mystery of the payroll. © 20Apr45; L13440. 14Jun72; R532248.

BREWSTER’S MILLIONS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Edward Small Productions.
© 7Apr45; L13220. Edward Small Productions, Inc. (PWH); 25Sep72;
R536465.

BROADWAY FARMER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
14Jun45; M16062. Universal Pictures (PWH); 12Jul72; R532052.

BUD ABBOTT AND LOU COSTELLO IN HOLLYWOOD, a photoplay in 8 reels by
Loew’s. © 14Aug45; L290. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug72;
R534585.

THE BULLFIGHTERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 20Apr45; L13383. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536820.

BUS PESTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 4Oct45; L234.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537507.


                                   C

CADET CAGERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 22Nov45; M141. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 4Dec72; R540808.

CALIFORNIA HERE WE ARE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
18Dec44; M15482. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Aug72;
R534440.

CALLING ALL FIBBERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
18Oct45; L13554. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov72;
R539937.

A CANTERBURY TALE, a photoplay in 93 min. by Archers Film Productions. ©
31May44; L2248. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7Apr72; R532734.

CANYONS OF THE SUN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 5Jan45; M15897. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536799.

CAREY WILSON MINIATURE. See

  STRANGE DESTINY.

THE CARIBBEAN MYSTERY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 13Jun45; L17. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536798.

CARMEN’S VERANDA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 22Jul44;
L12959. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 19Jul72; R532716.

CARNIVAL COURAGE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 6Oct45;
L13671. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Nov72; R538552.

CASANOVA BROWN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Christie Corp. © 23Aug44;
L12870. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 21Jul72; R533128.

THE CAT CAME BACK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 18Aug44;
L12849. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 16Aug72; R534821.

CHAMPION OF THE CUE, a motion picture by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 27Sep45; M16491. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 4Oct72; R536968.

CHAMPIONS OF THE FUTURE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 30Dec44; M15666. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
17Aug72; R534616.

CHEW CHEW BABY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
Walter Lantz Productions. © 7Feb45; M15640. Universal Pictures & Walter
Lantz Productions (PWH); 30May72; R531697.

CHINA SKY, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 24May45;
L13343. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535522.

CHINA’S LITTLE DEVILS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
© 27Mar45; L13252. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 16Oct72;
R537734.

CHIPS AND PUTTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
(The world of sports) © 10Aug45; M266. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc, (PWH); 14Sep72; R535848.

CHRISTMAS IN CONNECTICUT, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 11Aug45; L13430. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
6Nov72; R539214.

CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 16Feb45; L13212. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536814.

CIRCUS BAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 16May45;
M15954. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539220.

THE CISCO KID IN OLD NEW MEXICO, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram
Pictures Corp. © 26Mar45; L13267. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH);
16Oct72; R537733.

THE CISCO KID RETURNS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
© 19Mar45; L13251. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 16Oct72;
R537735.

CODE TO THE LAWLESS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
4Oct45; L13646. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539846.

COMMUNITY SING, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp. 1
reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 9, 1944–45.

  8. © 12Apr45; M16006. 14Jun72; R532251.

  9. © 25May45; M16442. 14Jun72; R532255.

  10. © 19Jul45; M16508. 14Aug72; R534310.

  11. © 26Jul45; M16509. 14Aug72; R534311.

  12. © 3Oct45; M16510. 3Nov72; R538555.

  13. © 28May45; M16470. 4Oct72; R536967.

  Series 10, 1945/46.

  1. © 20Sep45; M16511. 4Oct72; R536969.

  2. © 18Oct45; M16440. 3Nov72; R538554.

  3. © 29Nov45; M172. 4Dec72; R540809.

CONEY ISLAND HONEYMOON, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
19Dec44; L13318. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Aug72;
R534438.

CONFIDENTIAL AGENT, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
10Nov45; L136l4. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539695.

CONFLICT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 30Jun45;
L13391. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538967.

CONGO, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 28Feb45; L13129.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539210.

THE CORN IS GREEN, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
21Jul45; L13395. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538968.

CRAZY KNIGHTS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
11Dec44; L13249. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 24Jul72; R532785.

THE CRIME DOCTOR’S WARNING, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 27Sep45; L13545. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
4Oct72; R536961.

THE CRIMSON CANARY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
3Oct45; L36. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539840.

CROW CRAZY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
Walter Lantz Productions. © 28May45; M16094. Universal Pictures & Walter
Lantz Productions (PWH); 28Aug72: R535117.

CUBA CALLING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 23Dec44;
M16291. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Aug72; R534442.

CUBAN MADNESS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
26Oct45; L50. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539842.


                                   D

THE DAGGER PIT. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 8.

DANCE, DUNCE, DANCE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
18Oct45; L13544. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov72;
R539935.

DANGEROUS PARTNERS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew’s. © 3Aug45; L13469.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Aug72; R533876.

DEAR OLD SWITZERLAND, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 22Dec44;
L13239. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov72; R539397.

DEATH IN THE DARK. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE.

DEVIL’S BREW. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Chapter 7.

DILLINGER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 27Feb45;
L13183. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. formerly k.a. Monogram Pictures
Corp. (PWH); 18Sep72; R535984.

THE DIPPY DIPLOMAT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
& Walter Lantz Productions. © 27Jul45; M16170. Universal Pictures &
Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 11Oct72; R537603.

DIVORCE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 2Jul45;
L13695. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R536837.

DO YOU REMEMBER? a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 22Jun45; M16232. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536807.

DOCKS OF NEW YORK, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
2Feb45; L13179. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 11Sep72; R535612.

DON JUAN QUILLIGAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 13Jun45; L13382. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536819.

DON’T TAKE IT TO HEART, a photoplay in 10 reels by General Film
Distributors. © 15Nov44; L2532. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH);
7Apr72; R532736.

THE DOUGHGIRLS, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
23Nov44; L12958. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72;
R533123.

DOWN THE FAIRWAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 1Jun45; M16114. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536801.

DRAFTEE DAFFY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 26Dec44;
M15747. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72; R533335.

DUFFY’S TAVERN, a photoplay in 11 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
20Aug45; L13518. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
28Aug72; R535111.


                                   E

EASY TO LOOK AT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Jul45; L13480. Universal Pictures (PWH); 2Oct72; R536841.

ED THORGERSEN’S SPORTS REVIEW. See

  STEPPIN’ PRETTY.

THE EDGE OF DOOM. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 2.

ELECTROCUTED. See

  MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. Chap. no. 11.

EMPIRE STATE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 27Jul45; M16230. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536806.

EL ENEMIGO INVISIBLE (The unseen enemy) A motion picture in 1 reel by
Walt Disney Productions. © 13Aug45; M2725. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 7Sep72; R535679.

ESCAPE IN THE DESERT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
22Mar45; L13285. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538965.


                                   F

THE FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio
Pictures. © 20Jul45; L13630. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535525.

FASHION MODEL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
10Mar45; L13526. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72;
R536836.

FIESTA TIME, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 4Apr45; L13529.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72; R532249.

FILM VODVIL, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp. 1
reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 2, 1944/45.

  5. © 30Aug45; M171. 14Sep72; R535847.

  Series 3, 1945/46.

  1. © 30Aug45; M16441. 14Sep72; R535846.

  2. © 30Oct45; M127. 3Nov72; R538556.

FLAMING HAVOC. See

  MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. Chap. no. 10.

FLIRTY BIRDY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 6Sep45; L13505.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep72; R535723.

FLIVVER FLYING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 30Jun45;
M1616O. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72; R539835.

FOOTBALL THRILLS OF 1944, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. ©
20Sep45; M16443. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25Sep72; R536538.

FOR BETTER OR NURSE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
8Jun45; L13635. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72; R539827.

FOREVER YOURS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
22Dec44; L13152. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 24Jul72; R532784.

FORTY THOUSAND VOLTS. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 10.

FRESH AIRDALE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 24Sep45;
M16308. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539682.

FRISCO SAL, a photoplay in 11 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 7Feb45;
L13096. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531686.

FRONT LINE ARTISTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
© 8Oct45; M16423. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539853.


                                   G

G. I. HONEYMOON, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
10Jan45; L13184. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 7Aug72; R533816.

G.I. JOE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Lester Cowan Productions. ©
13Jul45; L13435. Lester Cowan Productions, Inc. (PWH); 18Dec72; R540453.

GABRIEL HEATTER REPORTING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
Pictures Co. © 28Sep45; M16375. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72;
R537608.

GANDY GOOSE IN FISHERMAN’S LUCK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
6Apr45; L13652. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72; R540974.

GANDY GOOSE IN MOTHER GOOSE NIGHTMARE, a photoplay in 1 reel by
Terrytoons. © 11May45; L13528. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH);
11Dec72; R540973.

GANDY GOOSE IN POST WAR INVENTIONS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons.
© 23Mar45; L13375. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72; R540967.

GANDY GOOSE IN THE GHOST TOWN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
13Sep44; L1285O. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Sep72; R535897.

GANDY’S DREAM GIRL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 8Dec44;
L13358. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov72; R539398.

THE GAY SENORITA, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
13Jul45; L13390. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72;
R534288.

GEORGE WHITE’S SCANDALS, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures.
© 23Aug45; L13633. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535527.

GETTIN’ GLAMOR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 4Oct45; L236.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537508.

GETTING GERTIE’S GARTER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Edward Small
Productions. © 30Nov45; L13708. Edward Small Productions, Inc. (PWH);
4Dec72; R541172.

GHOST GUNS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 15Oct44;
L12938. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 21Jul72; R532746.

THE GIRL OF THE LIMBERLOST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 11Oct45; L13546. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
3Nov72; R538550.

GLAMOUR IN SPORTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
22Jan45; M15586. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R538958.

GO NORTH, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. (Variety
views, no. 144) © 28Sep45; M743. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72;
R537618.

GOD IS MY CO-PILOT, a photoplay in 88 min. by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
7Apr45; L13197. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538963.

THE GOLDEN HUNCH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 4Oct45; L13624.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537512.

GOOFY NEWS VIEWS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 21Jun45;
L13515. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72; R534301.

THE GORILLA AT LARGE. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 13.

THE GREAT AMERICAN MUG, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 12Sep45;
L13504. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Sep72; R535893.

GRUESOME TWOSOME, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
5May45; M16007. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72; R539831.

GUEST PESTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 20Sep45; L13506.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25Sep72; R536536.

A GUN IN HIS HAND, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew’s. © 11Sep45; L13508.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Sep72; R535891.

GUN SMOKE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 5Jan45;
L13038. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 4Aug72; R533778.


                                   H

HANGOVER SQUARE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 6Feb45; L13223. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536815.

A HARBOR GOES TO FRANCE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 14Jun45; M16378. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Aug72; R534308.

HARE CONDITIONED, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
20Sep45; M16297. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539698.

HARE TRIGGER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29May45;
M15976. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72; R539829.

HARRY OWENS AND HIS ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel
by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 26Feb45; M15671. United Artists Television,
Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539217.

HENRY V. See

  KING HENRY THE FIFTH.

HER HIGHNESS AND THE BELLBOY, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew’s. ©
4Jul45; L13421. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Jul72; R532018.

HER LUCKY NIGHT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
26Jan45; L13193. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531690.

HER MAN GILBEY, a photoplay in 9 reels by General Film Distributors. ©
22Feb51 (in notice: 1944); L1094. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH);
7Apr72; R532737.

HERE COME THE CO-EDS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
6Feb45; L13070. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531685.

HERE COME THE NAVY BANDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
© 10Oct45; M16383. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539687.

HERR MEETS HARE, a motion picture in 7 min. by Vitaphone Corp. ©
26Dec44; M15604. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug72;
R534615.

HI-HO RODEO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
world of sports) © 22Jul45; M16490. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 14Aug72; R534309.

THE HIDDEN EYE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Loew’s. © 11Jul45; L13445.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jul72; R532015.

HILLBILLY ARTIST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
29Sep45; M16376. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537609.

HIS LAST FLIGHT. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 14.

HIT THE HAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
29Nov45; L13674. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec72;
R540818.

HOLD YOUR HORSEPOWER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 8Aug45; M1830. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep72;
R535677.

HOLLYWOOD CANTEEN, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
6Jan45; L13034. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537591.

HONEYMOON AHEAD, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
8May45; L13253. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Jun72; R531704.

HORN BLOWS AT MIDNIGHT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 28Apr45; L13228. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72;
R538964.

HOT AND HECTIC, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Sep45; L13513. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537599.

HOT FOOT LIGHTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 2Aug45; L13604.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Sep72; R535845.

HOTEL BERLIN, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
14Mar45; L13196. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538962.

THE HUMAN BODY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
13Aug45; M2727. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep72; R535680.


                                   I

I AM AN AMERICAN, a motion picture in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 26Dec44; M15673. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug72;
R534617.

I LOVE A BANDLEADER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
13Sep45; L13501. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct72;
R536959.

I WON’T PLAY, a photoplay in 20 min. by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
27Nov44; L12957. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72;
R533122.

IDIOTS DELUXE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
20Jul45; L13552. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72;
R534305.

IF A BODY MEETS A BODY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 30Aug45; L13540. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
17Nov72; R539931.

I’LL BE SEEING YOU, a photoplay in 9 reels by Vanguard Films. © 23Dec44;
L13338. American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 11Aug72; R534158.

I’LL TELL THE WORLD, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
28May45; L13301. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Jun72; R531707.

IN DUTCH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. © 28Sep45;
L248. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 2Oct72; R536714.

INCENDIARY BLONDE, a photoplay in 12 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
1Jun45; L13459. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
21Aug72; R534921.

INTO THE VALLEY OF FIRE. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Chapter 6.

IRON MASTERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
5Apr45; M16079. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun72;
R532252.

ISLE OF ROMANCE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 4May45; M16115. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536802.

IT’S IN THE BAG, a photoplay in 9 reels by Manhattan Productions. ©
21Apr45; L13221. Film Archives Co. (PWH); 11Sep72; R535815.


                                   J

THE JADE MASK, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures. © 22Nov44;
L13002. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72; R533124.

JAMES A. FITZPATRICK’S TRAVELTALKS. See

  MODERN GUATEMALA CITY.

JAMMIN THE BLUES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
18Dec44; M15483. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Aug72;
R534441.

JOHNNY ANGEL, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 24Aug45;
L13631. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535526.

JUNGLE JEOPARDY. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 9.

JUNGLE RAIDERS, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2
reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap. no.

  1. Mystery of the lost tribe. © 14Sep45; L267. 4Oct72; R536957.

  2. Primitive sacrifice. © 21Sep45; L268. 4Oct72; R536956.

  3. Prisoners of fate. © 28Sep45; L269. 4Oct72; R536955.

  4. Valley of destruction. © 5Oct45; L270. 3Nov72; R538546.

  5. Perilous mission. © 12Oct45; L271. 3Nov72; R538547.

  6. Into the valley of fire. © 19Oct72; L272. 3Nov72; R538548.

  7. Devil’s brew. © 26Oct45; L292. 3Nov72; R538549.

  8. The dagger pit. © 2Nov45; L293. 4Dec72; R540812.

  9. Jungle jeopardy. © 9Nov45; L294. 4Dec72; R540813.

  10. Prisoners of peril. © 16Nov45; L295. 4Dec72; R540814.

  11. Vengeance of Zara. © 23Nov45; L296. 4Dec72; R540815.

  12. The key to Arzec. © 30Nov45; L297. 4Dec72; R540816.

JUNIOR MISS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
© 16Jun45; L13511. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536796.

THE JURY GOES ROUND ’N ROUND, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia
Pictures Corp. © 15Jun45; L13537. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 14Aug72; R534303.

JUSTICE TRIUMPHS. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 15.


                                   K

KANINE ARISTOCRATS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
© 7Sep45; M16312. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537605.

THE KEY TO ARZEC. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 12.

KING HENRY THE FIFTH, a photoplay in 137 min. by Two Cities Films &
General Film Distributors. Appl. ti.: Henry V. © 5Jan45; LF99. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 13Sep72; R535806.

KISS AND TELL, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
20Sep45; L13474. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct72;
R536958.

KU-KU-NUTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 26Jul45; L13555.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72; R534306.


                                   L

LADY ON A TRAIN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Aug45; L13456. Universal Pictures (PWH); 2Oct72; R536839.

LAND OF 10,000 LAKES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 30Mar45; M16233. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72; R536808.

LAW OF THE BADLANDS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
17Apr45; L13226. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539213.

LAW OF THE VALLEY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
23Sep44; L12844. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 19Jul72; R532713.

LAWLESS EMPIRE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
15Nov45; L13673. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec72;
R540817.

LEARN AND LIVE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 16Jul45;
L13394. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72; R539824.

LET’S GO FISHING, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
25Nov44; L12956. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72;
R533121.

A LETTER FOR EVIE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew’s. © 12Dec45; L54.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Dec72; R541577.

LIFE WITH FEATHERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
24Mar45; M15749. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72;
R538956.

LISTEN TO THE BANDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 7Nov44; M15372. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
20Jul72; R533333.


                                   M

THE MAD PROFESSOR. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 11.

MAGIC ON A STICK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 4Oct45; L13621.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537510.

MAMA LOVES PAPA, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 8Aug45;
L3. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535529.

THE MAYOR’S HUSBAND, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
20Sep45; L13542. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov72;
R539933.

MEMORIES OF COLUMBUS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 3Aug45; M448. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
(PWH); 3Oct72; R536809.

MEN IN HER DIARY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
7Sep45; L13482. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537596.

MERIDA AND CAMPECHE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 8Nov45;
M16549. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Nov72; R539395.

MESS PRODUCTION, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 24Aug45;
L13637. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539696.

MEXICAN SEA SPORTS, a motion picture in 10 min. by Vitaphone Corp. ©
9Jun45; M16015. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539697.

MICRO-PHONIES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
19Oct45; L13553. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov72;
R539936.

MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE KILKENNY CATS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons.
© 27Apr45; L13454. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72; R540970.

MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE PIRATES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
12Jan45; L13465. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72; R540971.

MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE TWO BARBERS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
1Sep44; L12934. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 16Aug72; R534822.

MIGHTY MOUSE AT THE CIRCUS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
17Nov44; L13240. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct72; R538858.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN RAIDING THE RAIDERS, a photoplay in 1 reel by
Terrytoons. © 9Mar45; L13453. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72;
R540969.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE PORT OF MISSING MICE, a photoplay in 1 reel by
Terrytoons. © 2Feb45; L13438. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72;
R540968.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE SILVER STREAK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons.
© 8Jun45; L13654. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72; R540975.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE SULTAN’S BIRTHDAY, a photoplay in 1 reel by
Terrytoons. © 13Sep44; L12833. © Viacom International, Inc. (PWH);
11Sep72; R535896.

A MINER AFFAIR, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
19Oct45; L13539. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov72;
R539930.

MR. EMMANUEL, a photoplay in 10 reels by General Film Distributors. ©
19Jan45; L13302. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7Apr72; R532733.

MODERN GUATEMALA CITY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. (James A.
Fitzpatrick’s Traveltalks) © 1Sep45; M16324. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
(PWH); 5Sep72; R535480.

MOM AND DAD, a photoplay in 111 min. by Mildred A. Horn. © 28Nov44;
L1522. Headliner Productions, Inc. (PWH); 15Aug72; R533666.

THE MONSTER AND THE APE, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures
Corp. 2 reels each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap. no.

  2. The edge of doom. © 27Apr45; L13408. 14Jun72; R532245.

  7. A scream in the night. © 2Jun45; L13409. 14Aug72; R534291.

  8. Death in the dark. © 9Jun45; L13410. 14Aug72; R534292.

  9. The secret tunnel. © 16Jun45; L13411. 14Aug72; R534293.

  10. Forty thousand volts. © 23Jun45; L13412. 14Aug72; R534294.

  11. The mad professor. © 30Jun45; L13413. 14Aug72; R534295.

  12. Shadows of destiny. © 7Jul45; L13414. 14Aug72; R534296.

  13. The gorilla at large. © 14Jul45; L13415. 14Aug72; R534297.

  14. His last flight. © 21Jul45; L13416. 14Aug72; R534298.

  15. Justice triumphs. © 28Jul45; L13417. 14Aug72; R534299.

MOUSE IN MANHATTAN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 2Jul45; L13393.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Jul72; R532016.

MURDER AT NIGHT. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER, Chap. no. 12.

MUSICAL MEXICO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 11Apr45;
M15835. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539219.

MUSICAL NOVELTIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
22Oct45; M16429. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539688.

MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 27Nov45; L13706. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec72;
R540822.

MYSTERY OF THE LOST TRIBE. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Chap. no. 1.

THE MYSTERY OF THE PAYROLL. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 13.

MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT, a series of photoplays by Universal Pictures.
2 reels each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap. no.

  8. The break in the levee. © 24Nov44; L13108. 16Nov72; R539731.

  9. Trapped in the quicksands. © 24Nov44; L13109. 16Nov72; R539732.

  10. Flaming havoc. © 24Nov44; L13110. 16Nov72; R539733.

  11. Electrocuted. © 24Nov44; L13111. 16Nov72; R539734.

  12. Risking death. © 24Nov44; L13112. 16Nov72; R539735.

  13. The boomerang. © 24Nov44; L13113. 16Nov72; R539736.


                                   N

THE NAUGHTY NINETIES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Jun45; L13337. Universal Pictures (PWH); 12Jul72; R532048.

NAUTICAL BUT NICE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
18Dec44; L13007. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72;
R533125.

NAVAJO TRAILS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
26Dec44; L13097. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 24Jul72; R532783.

NAVY NURSE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 16Mar45; L13174.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539212.

NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1 reel
each. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of Hearst Corp. (PWH)

  v. 16, issue no.

  267. © 2May45; M16083. 3Jul72; R531734.

  268. © 4May45; M16084. 3Jul72; R531735.

  269. © 9May45; M16085. 3Jul72; R531736.

  270. © 11May45; M16086. 3Jul72; R531737.

  271. © 16May45; M16087. 3Jul72; R531738.

  272. © 18May45; M16088. 3Jul72; R531739.

  273. © 23May45; M16089. 3Jul72; R531740.

  274. © 25May45; M16090. 3Jul72; R531741.

  275. © 30May45; M16091. 3Jul72; R531742.

  276. © 1Jun45; M16092. 25Jul72; R532798.

  277. © 6Jun45; M16247. 25Jul72; R532799.

  278. © 7Jun45; M16248. 25Jul72; R532800.

  279. © 13Jun45; M16249. 25Jul72; R532801.

  280. © 15Jun45; M16250. 25Jul72; R532802.

  281. © 20Jun45; M16251. 25Jul72; R532803.

  282. © 22Jun45; M16252. 25Jul72; R532804.

  283. © 27Jun45; M16253. 25Jul72; R532805.

  284. © 29Jun45; M16254. 25Jul72; R532806.

  285. © 4Jul45; M16255. 16Aug72; R534499.

  286. © 6Jul45; M16256. 16Aug72; R534500.

  287. © 11Jul45; M16237. 16Aug72; R534493.

  288. © 13Jul45; M16238. 16Aug72; R534494.

  289. © 18Jul45; M16239. 16Aug72; R534495.

  290. © 20Jul45; M16240. 16Aug72; R534496.

  291. © 25Jul45; M16241. 16Aug72; R534497.

  292. © 27Jul45; M16242. 16Aug72; R534498.

  293. © 1Aug45; M16243. 25Sep72; R536258.

  294. © 3Aug45; M16244. 25Sep72; R536259.

  295. © 8Aug45; M16245. 25Sep72; R536260.

  296. © 10Aug45; M16246. 25Sep72; R536261.

  297. © 15Aug45; M16276. 25Sep72; R536262.

  298. © 15Aug45; M16277. 25Sep72; R536263.

  299. © 22Aug45; M16293. 25Sep72; R536264.

  300. © 24Aug45; M16294. 25Sep72; R536265.

  301. © 29Aug45; M16322. 25Sep72; R536266.

  302. © 31Aug45; M16323. 25Sep72; R536267.

  303. © 4Sep45; M16369. 17Oct72; R537874.

  v. 17, issue no.

  200. © 6Sep45; M16370. 17Oct72; R537875.

  201. © 12Sep45; M16380. 17Oct72; R537876.

  202. © 14Sep45; M16381. 17Oct72; R537877.

  203. © 19Sep45; M16406. 17Oct72; R537878.

  204. © 21Sep45; M16407. 17Oct72; R537879.

  205. © 26Sep45; M16431. 17Oct72; R537880.

  206. © 28Sep45; M16432. 17Oct72; R537881.

  207. © 2Oct45; M16476. 9Nov72; R539272.

  208. © 4Oct45; M16477. 9Nov72; R539273.

  209. © 9Oct45; M16478. 9Nov72; R539274.

  210. © 11Oct45; M16479. 9Nov72; R539275.

  211. © 17Oct45; M16539. 9Nov72; R539276.

  212. © 19Oct45; M16540. 9Nov72; R539277.

  213. © 24Oct45; M16541. 9Nov72; R539278.

  214. © 26Oct45; M16542. 9Nov72; R539279.

  215. © 31Oct45; M16593. 9Nov72; R539280.

  216. © 2Nov45: M16594. 22Dec72; R541971.

  217. © 7Nov45; M16598. 22Dec72; R541972.

  218. © 9Nov45; M16599. 22Dec72; R541973.

  219. © 14Nov45; M16600. 22Dec72; R541974.

  220. © 16Nov45; M16601. 22Dec72; R541975.

  221. © 21Nov45; M65. 22Dec72; R541976.

  222. © 23Nov45; M66. 22Dec72; R541977.

  223. © 28Nov45; M67. 22Dec72; R541978.

  224. © 30Nov45; M68. 22Dec72; R541979.

NOB HILL, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
13Jun45; L13449. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536822.

NOVA SCOTIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 9Feb45; M16613. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536800.


                                   O

OBJECTIVE BURMA, a photoplay in 15 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
10Mar45; L13150. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538961.

THE ODOR-ABLE KITTY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
26Dec44; M15834. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug72;
R534618.

THE OLD GREY HARE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
5Dec44; M15448. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72; R533334.

OLD SEQUOIA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. © 2Jul45;
L152. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 8Aug72; R534039.

ON STAGE EVERYBODY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Jul45; L13479. Universal Pictures (PWH); 2Oct72; R536840.

ON THE SPOT. See

  BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. Chap. no. 11.

OUR VINES HAVE TENDER GRAPES, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew’s. ©
1Sep45; L13461. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Sep72; R535479.

OUT OF THIS WORLD, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
4Jun45; L13371. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
21Aug72; R534920.

OUTDOOR LIVING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
24Dec44; M16292. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Jul72;
R533126.

OUTLAWS OF THE ROCKIES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 18Sep45; L13502. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
4Oct72; R53696O.

OVER 21, a photoplay in 11 reels by Sidney Buchman Productions. ©
13Jul45; L13398. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72;
R534289.

OVERSEAS ROUNDUP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp, ©
26Mar45; M15748. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539218.

OVERSEAS ROUNDUP NO. 2, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
29May45; M15977. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72;
R359830.

OVERSEAS ROUNDUP NO. 3, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
16Jun45; M16162. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72;
R539837.


                                   P

THE PAINTER AND THE POINTER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
Pictures Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 4Jan45; M15567. Universal
Pictures & Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 30May72; R531695.

PAPER MAGIC, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
8Oct45; M16421. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539851.

PARAMOUNT NEWS, a series of newsreels by Paramount Pictures. 1 reel
each. © Major News Library (PWH)

  1944–45.

  77. © 26May45; M16048. 14Jul72; R531980.

  78. © 30May45; M16049. 14Jul72; R531981.

  79. © 2Jun45; M16050. 14Jul72; R531982.

  80. © 6Jun45; M16051. 14Jul72; R531983.

  81. © 9Jun45; M16137. 14Jul72; R531984.

  82. © 13Jun45; M16138. 14Jul72; R531985.

  83. © 16Jun45; M16139. 14Jul72; R531986.

  84. © 20Jun45; M16140. 14Jul72; R531987.

  85. © 23Jun45; M16141. 14Jul72; R531988.

  86. © 27Jun45; M16142. 14Jul72; R531989.

  87. © 30Jun45; M16196. 14Jul72; R531990.

  88. © 4Jul45; M16197. 14Jul72; R531991.

  89. © 7Jul45; M16198. 14Jul72; R531992.

  90. © 11Jul45; M16199. 14Jul72; R551993.

  91. © 14Jul45; M16200. 17Jul72; R531994.

  92. © 18Jul45; M16201. 20Jul72; R532861.

  93. © 21Jul45; M16202. 21Jul72; R532862.

  94. © 25Jul45; M16203. 26Jul72; R532863.

  95. © 28Jul45; M16204. 31Jul72; R533270.

  96. © 1Aug45; M16267. 2Aug72; R533665.

  97. © 4Aug45; M16268. 8Aug72; R534001.

  98. © 8Aug45; M16269. 8Aug72; R534002.

  99. © 11Aug45; M16270. 11Aug72; R534270.

  100. © 15Aug45; M16271. 17Aug72; R534523.

  101. © 18Aug45; M16272. 18Aug72; R534522.

  102. © 22Aug45; M16273. 24Aug72; R53498O.

  103. © 25Aug45; M16274. 11Sep72; R535816.

  104. © 29Aug45; M16275. 11Sep72; R535817.

  1945–46.

  1. © 1Sep45; M16512. 11Sep72; R535818.

  2. © 5Sep45; M16513. 11Sep72; R535819.

  3. © 8Sep45; M16514. 14Sep72; R535828.

  4. © 12Sep45; M16515. 22Sep72; R526466.

  5. © 15Sep45; M16516. 22Sep72; R536467.

  6. © 19Sep45; M16517. 22Sep72; R536468.

  7. © 22Sep45; M16518. 22Sep72; R536469.

  8. © 26Sep45; M16519. 27Sep72; R536459.

  9. © 29Sep45; M16520. 29Sep72; R536677.

  10. © 3Oct45; M16521. 6Oct72; R537430.

  11. © 6Oct45; M16522. 11Oct72; R537427.

  12. © 10Oct45; M16523. 11Oct72; R537428.

  13. © 13Oct45; M16524. 20Oct72; R538133.

  14. © 17Oct45; M16525. 20Oct72; R538134.

  15. © 20Oct45; M16526. 20Oct72; R538135.

  16. © 24Oct45; M2. 13Nov72; R539725.

  17. © 27Oct45; M3. 13Nov72; R539726.

  18. © 31Oct45; M4. 13Nov72; R539727.

  19. © 3Nov45; M5. 13Nov72; R539728.

  20. © 7Nov45; M6. 13Nov72; R539729.

  21. © 10Nov45; M7. 13Nov72; R539730.

  24. © 21Nov45; M10. 27Nov72; R540367.

  25. © 24Nov45; M11. 7Dec72; R541164.

  26. © 28Nov45; M12. 7Dec72; R541165.

  27. © 1Dec45; M13. 7Dec72; R541166.

  28. © 5Dec45; M14. 7Dec72; R541167.

PARDON MY PAST, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
8Sep45; L13679. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct72;
R536964.

PECK UP YOUR TROUBLES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
22Oct45; M16430. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539689.

PEOPLE ON PAPER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 3Oct45; L13623.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537511.

PERILOUS MISSION. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Chapter 5.

PHONY BALONEY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 1Nov45; L99.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec72; R540811.

PILLOW OF DEATH, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
3Oct45; L13649. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539849.

PILLOW TO POST, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
9Jun45; L13304. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538966.

PISTOL PACKIN’ NITWITS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 4Apr45; L13538. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Jun72; R532250.

A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN, a photoplay in 92 min. by Gainsborough Pictures
(1928) & General Film Distributors. © 20Mar45; LF97. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 13Sep72; R535807.

PLANTATION MELODIES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
17May45; L13255. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72;
R539823.

PLEDGE TO BATAAN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 19Mar45;
L13173. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539211.

PLUTO’S KID BROTHER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
25Jul45; L155. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 8Aug72; R534038.

POP-PIE A LA MODE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
24Jun45; L13370. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72;
R536835.

POPEYE THE SAILOR. See

  SHAPE AHOY.

POTTERY POETS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
8Oct45; M16422. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539852.

PRIDE OF THE MARINES, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 1Sep45; L13451. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72;
R539215.

PRIMITIVE SACRIFICE. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Chap. no. 2.

PRISON SHIP, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
15Nov45; L13698. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec72;
R540820.

PRISONERS OF FATE. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Chap. no. 3.

PRISONERS OF PERIL, See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 10.

PUCK CHASERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 25Oct45; M193. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 3Nov72; R538557.

PURITY SQUAD, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew’s. © 11Sep45; L13520.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Sep72; R535892.

PURSUIT TO ALGIERS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
25Oct45; L13642. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539844.


                                   Q

QUIET PLEASE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 20Nov45; L13660.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Nov72; R540378.


                                   R

RADIO STARS ON PARADE, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
29Aug45; L13667. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535528.

RHAPSODY IN BLUE, a photoplay in 18 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
22Sep45; L13486. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov72; R539216.

RHYTHM OF THE RHUMBA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
27Dec44; M15595. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 22Sep72;
R536185.

RHYTHM ROUND-UP, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
7Jun45; L13310. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72;
R534285.

RIPPLING ROMANCE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 21Jun45;
L13556. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72; R534307.

RISKING DEATH. See

  MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. Chap. no. 12.

RIVER GANG, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 28Sep45;
L13645. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537602.

ROCKABYE RHYTHM, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
20Apr45; L13248. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531691.

ROUGHLY SPEAKING, a photoplay in 15 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
3Mar45; L13139. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov72; R538960.

A ROYAL SCANDAL, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 11Apr45; L13297. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536818.

RUSTLERS OF THE BADLANDS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 15Jun45; L13388. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Aug72; R534287.


                                   S

THE SAILOR TAKES A WIFE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew’s. © 12Dec45;
L4. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Dec72; R541575.

SALMON FISHING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
(The World of sports) © 28Sep45; M267. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 4Oct72; R536965.

THE SCARLET CLUE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
1Apr45; L13234. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72; R538950.

SCHOOL FOR MERMAIDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
Co. © 7Sep45; M16311. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537604.

SCREAM IN THE NIGHT. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 7.

SCREEN SNAPSHOTS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
1 reel each, © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 24, 1944/45.

  9. © 22Apr45; M16411. 14Jun72; R532253.

  10. © 26May45; M16412. 14Jun72; R532254.

  Series 25, 1945/46.

  1. © 7Sep45; M338. 4Oct72; R536966.

  2. © 11Oct45; M339. 3Nov72; R538558.

  5. © 15Nov45; M340. 4Dec72; R540810.

SECRET TUNNEL. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE.

SENORITA FROM THE WEST, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
© 4Oct45; L13648. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539848.

SHADOW OF SUSPICION, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
23Sep44; L12847. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 23Aug72;
R534919.

SHADOWS OF DESTINY. See

  THE MONSTER AND THE APE. Chap. no. 12.

SHADY LADY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 7Sep45;
L13478. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537595.

THE SHANGHAI COBRA, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
5Aug45; L56. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72; R538953.

SHAPE AHOY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. (Popeye the
sailor) © 27Apr45; L13473. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
13Nov72; R539826.

SHE GETS HER MAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
7Feb45; L13265. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531693.

SHE-SICK SAILORS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
26Mar45; L13238. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72;
R538951.

SHE WENT TO THE RACES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew’s. © 5Oct45;
L13536. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537509.

SHE WOULDN’T SAY YES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 10Nov45; L13680. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec72;
R540819.

SIKHS OF PATIALA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 13Apr45; M16154. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
3Oct72; R536804.

SIMPLE SIREN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 25Oct45; L100.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Nov72; R538545.

SINCE YOU WENT AWAY, a photoplay in 20 reels by Vanguard Films. ©
14Sep44; L12953. American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 11Aug72;
R534157.

SLIPHORN KING OF POLAROO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
Pictures Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 7Feb45; M15639. Universal
Pictures & Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 30May72; R531696.

SMOKY JOE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 25May45; L13374.
Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec72; R540966.

SNAFU, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 22Nov45;
L13699. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec72; R540821.

SOLID SENDERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
28Sep45; L13557. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537601.

SONG OF THE PRAIRIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
27Sep45; L13549. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct72;
R536962.

SONG OF THE RANGE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
25Dec44; L13250. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 24Jul72; R532786.

SONG OF THE SARONG, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
17Apr45; L13266. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531694.

SONNY DUNHAM AND HIS ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone
Corp. © 27Nov44; M15430. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Aug72;
R534439.

SPADE COOLEY, KING OF WESTERN SWING, a motion picture in 1 reel by
Warner Bros. Pictures. © 1Oct45; M16338. United Artists Television, Inc.
(PWH); 15Nov72; R539685.

SPORTS GO TO WAR, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
14Nov45; M16494. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539690.

SPORTS STICKLERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 3Oct45;
M16493. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537513.

SPREADIN’ THE JAM, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 13Sep45; L13527.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Sep72; R535895.

STAGE DOOR CARTOON, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
8Jan45; M15540. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72; R537594.

STAIRWAY TO LIGHT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 12Sep45; L13519.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Sep72; R535894.

STAR IN THE NIGHT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
23Oct45; L13550. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72;
R539694.

STEPPIN’ PRETTY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen’s sports review) © 19Jan45; M16210. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72; R536805.

STRANGE CONFESSION, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
28Sep45; L13512. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537598.

STRANGE DESTINY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. (A Carey Wilson
miniature) © 11Sep45; L13507. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Sep72;
R535890.

THE STRANGE MR. GREGORY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 14Nov45; L57. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Nov72;
R539839.

STRANGER FROM SANTA FE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp, © 1Mar45; L13153. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 16Oct72;
R537736.

THE STUPID CUPID, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
11Dec44; M15468. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug72;
R534614.

SUDAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 8Mar45;
L31357. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531689.

SUMMER STORM, a photoplay in 12 reels by Angelus Pictures. © 14Jul44;
L12764. Medallion T.V. Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 6Jul72; R539591.

THE SUSPECT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 4Jan45;
L13116. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531688.

SWIMCAPADES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 22Sep45;
M16309. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539683.

SWING OUT SISTER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
8May45; L13261. Universal Pictures (PWH); 23Jun72; R531705.

SWING SERENADE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
4Jan45; L13115. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531687.

SWING SHIFT CINDERELLA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 7Aug45;
L13460. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Aug72; R534383.

SYNCO-SMOOTH SWING, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Sep45; L13514. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537600.


                                   T

TALE OF TWO MICE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
2Jul45; M16161. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72; R539836.

TE QUIERO PARA MI, a photoplay in 10 reels by Luisa Maria Linares. ©
26Nov44; L13077. Universal Pictures (PWH); 28Sep72; R536623.

TEE FOR TWO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 5Jul45; L13396.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Jul72; R532017.

THAT NIGHT WITH YOU, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
21Sep45; L13496. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537597.

THAT’S THE SPIRIT, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
24Apr45; L13254. Universal Pictures (PWH); 30May72; R531692.

THERE GOES KELLY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
15Jan45; L13127. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72;
R537593.

THEY WERE EXPENDABLE, a photoplay in 14 reels by Loew’s. © 16Nov45;
L13661. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 20Nov72; R539994.

THIS LOVE OF OURS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
25Oct45; L13644. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539845.

THOSE ENDEARING YOUNG CHARMS, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio
Pictures. © 3Jun45; L13347. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535523.

A THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 11Jun45; L13385. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Aug72; R534286.

THREE IS A FAMILY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Sol Lesser. © 30Oct44;
L13047. NGC Television, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug72; R534199.

THUNDERHEAD, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
© 8Feb45; L13242. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536817.

TIN PAN ALLEY TEMPOS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
26Oct45; L51. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539843.

TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
© 20Jan45; L13056. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Oct72;
R537592.

TOMORROW THE WORLD, a photoplay in 9 reels by Lester Cowan Productions.
© 29Dec44; L13177. Lester Cowan Productions, Inc. (PWH); 18Dec72;
R540452.

TOPS IN THE BIG TOP, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
16Mar45; L13429. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Nov72;
R539825.

TRAIL TO VENGEANCE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
4Oct45; L13647. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Nov72; R539847.

TRAP HAPPY PORKY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
28Feb45; M15655. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72;
R538955.

TRAPPED IN THE QUICKSANDS. See

  MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. Chap. no. 9.

TREASURE JEST, a photoplay in 617 ft. by Screen Gems. © 30Sep45; L13603.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Oct72; R536963.

A TREE GROWS IN BROOKLYN, a photoplay in 13 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 28Feb45; L13224. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72; R536816.

TRIGGER LAW, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
30Sep44; L12848. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 19Jul72; R532714.

TUBERCULOSIS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
13Aug45; M2724. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Sep72; R535678.

TWO THOUSAND WOMEN, a photoplay in 10 reels by General Film
Distributors. © 22Aug44; LF98. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH);
9Aug72; R533977.


                                   U

UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
Pictures (PWH)

  v. 18.

  359. © 2Jan45; M15652. 30May72; R531698.

  360. © 4Jan45; M15698. 30May72; R531699.

  361. © 9Jan45; M15699. 30May72; R531700.

  362. © 11Jan45; M15700. 30May72; R531701.

  363. © 16Jan45; M15701. 30May72; R531702.

  364. © 18Jan45; M15702. 30May72; R531703.

  365. © 23Jan45; M15703. 30May72; R531666.

  366. © 25Jan45; M15704. 30May72; R531667.

  367. © 30Jan45; M15705. 30May72; R531668.

  368. © 1Feb45; M15706. 30May72; R531669.

  369. © 6Feb45; M15707. 30May72; R531670.

  370. © 8Feb45; M15708. 30May72; R531671.

  371. © 13Feb45; M15709. 30May72; R531672.

  372. © 15Feb45; M15710. 30May72; R531673.

  373. © 20Feb45; M15711. 30May72; R531674.

  374. © 22Feb45; M15712. 30May72; R531675.

  375. © 27Feb45; M15784. 30May72; R531676.

  376. © 1Mar45; M15785. 30May72; R531677.

  377. © 6Mar45; M15786. 30May72; R531678.

  378. © 8Mar45; M15787. 30May72; R531679.

  379. © 13Mar45; M15788. 30Mar72; R531680.

  380. © 15Mar45; M15789. 30May72; R531681.

  381. © 20Mar45; M15926. 30May72; R531683.

  382. © 22Mar45; M15927. 30May72; R531684.

  383. © 27Mar45; M15928. 30May72; R531655.

  384. © 29Mar45; M15929. 30May72; R531656.

  385. © 3Apr45; M15930. 30May72; R531657.

  386. © 5Apr45; M15931. 30May72; R531658.

  387. © 10Apr45; M15934. 30May72; R531659.

  388. © 12Apr45; M15935. 30May72; R531660.

  389. © 17Apr45; M15936. 30May72; R531661.

  390. © 19Apr45; M15937. 30May72; R531662.

  391. © 24Apr45; M15955. 30May72; R531663.

  392. © 26Apr45; M15956. 30May72; R531664.

  393. © 1May45; M16010. 23Jun72; R531710.

  394. © 3May45; M16011. 23Jun72; R531711.

  395. © 8May45; M16012. 23Jun72; R531712.

  396. © 10May45; M16013. 23Jun72; R531713.

  397. © 15May45; M16008. 23Jun72; R531708.

  398. © 17May45; M16009. 23Jun72; R531709.

  399. © 22May45; M16056. 23Jun72; R531714.

  400. © 24May45; M16057. 23Jun72; R531715.

  401. © 29May45; M16058. 23Jun72; R531716.

  402. © 31May45; M16059. 23Jun72; R531717.

  403. © 5Jun45; M16060. 12Jul72; R532050.

  404. © 7Jun45; M16061. 12Jul72; R532051.

  405. © 12Jun45; M16096. 12Jul72; R532054.

  406. © 14Jun45; M16097. 12Jul72; R532055.

  407. © 19Jun45; M16120. 12Jul72; R532056.

  408. © 21Jun45; M16121. 12Jul72; R532057.

  409. © 26Jun45; M16164. 12Jul72; R532058.

  410. © 28Jun45; M16165. 12Jul72; R532059.

  411. © 3Jul45; M16166. 2Oct72; R536843.

  412. © 5Jul45; M16167. 2Oct72; R536844.

  413. © 10Jul45; M16168. 2Oct72; R536845.

  414. © 12Jul45; M16169. 2Oct72; R536846.

  415. © 17Jul45; M16278. 2Oct72; R536847.

  416. © 19Jul45; M16279. 2Oct72; R536848.

  417. © 24Jul45; M16280. 2Oct72; R536849.

  418. © 26Jul45; M16281. 2Oct72; R536850.

  419. © 31Jul45; M16304. 2Oct72; R536851.

  420. © 2Aug45; M16305. 2Oct72; R536852.

  421. © 7Aug45; M16306. 2Oct72; R536853.

  422. © 9Aug45; M16307. 2Oct72; R536854.

  423. © 14Aug45; M16325. 2Oct72; R536855.

  424. V-J special. © 16Aug45; M16326. 2Oct72; R536856.

  425. © 21Aug45; M16327. 2Oct72; R536857.

  426. © 23Aug45; M16328. 2Oct72; R536858.

  427. © 28Aug45; M16329. 2Oct72; R536859.

  428. © 30Aug45; M16336. 2Oct72; R536860.

  429. © 4Sep45; M16337. 11Oct72; R537607.

  430. © 6Sep45; M16413. 11Oct72; R537610.

  431. © 11Sep45; M16414. 11Oct72; R537611.

  432. © 13Sep45; M16415. 11Oct72; R537612.

  433. © 18Sep45; M16416. 11Oct72; R537613.

  434. © 20Sep45; M16417. 11Oct72; R537614.

  435. © 25Sep45; M16418. 11Oct72; R537615.

  436. © 27Sep45; M16419. 11Oct72; R537616.

  437. © 2Oct45; M16420. 13Nov72; R539850.

  438. © 4Oct45; M16552. 13Nov72; R539854.

  439. © 9Oct45; M16553. 13Nov72; R539855.

  440. © 11Oct45; M16554. 13Nov72; R539856.

UNRULY HARE, a motion picture in 7 min. by Vitaphone Corp. © 12Feb45;
M15619. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 25Oct72; R538954.

UNSEEN ENEMY. Sec

  EL ENEMIGO INVISIBLE.

UP GOES MAISIE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew’s. © 12Dec45; L27.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Dec72; R541576.


                                   V

V-J SPECIAL. See

  UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. v. 18, 424.

VACATION FROM MARRIAGE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew’s. © 27Nov45;
L13705. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 30Nov72; R540612.

VALLEY OF DESTRUCTION. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Chapter 4.

VARIETY VIEWS, NO. 143. See

  VICTORY BOUND.

VARIETY VIEWS, NO. 144. See

  GO NORTH.

VENGEANCE OF ZARA. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 11.

THE VERY THOUGHT OF YOU, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 11Nov44; L12946. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
20Jul72; R533120.

VICTORY BOUND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
(Variety views, no. 143) © 7Sep45; M124. Universal Pictures (PWH);
11Oct72; R537617.

VILLAGE OF THE PAST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
Co. © 7Sep45; M16313. Universal Pictures (PWH); 11Oct72; R537606.

VINE, WOMAN AND SONG, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 6Sep45; L13541. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov72;
R539932.

VOICE OF THE WHISTLER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 30Oct45; L13672. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Nov72;
R538553.


                                   W

WAGON HEELS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 10Oct45;
M16382. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539686.

WAIKIKI MELODY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
27Jul45; L13487. Universal Pictures (PWH); 2Oct72; R536842.

WATER BABIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 13Jun45;
M16016. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Nov72; R539832.

WATERLOO ROAD, a photoplay in 8 reels by Gainsborough Pictures. ©
7Feb45; L2249. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7Apr72; R532735.

WEEK-END AT THE WALDORF, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew’s. © 12Jul45;
L13442, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jul72; R532013.

WEST OF THE PECOS, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
8Jun45; L13341. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep72; R535521.

WHAT NEXT CORPORAL HARGROVE? A photoplay in 10 reels by Loew’s. ©
15Nov45; L10. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 16Nov72; R539812.

WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE? A photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 29May45; L13389. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72; R536821.

WHERE THE PEST BEGINS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 4Oct45; L13543. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov72;
R539934.

WHERE TIME STANDS STILL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 7Sep45;
M16379. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep72; R535724.

WILD AND WOOLFY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew’s. © 21Sep45; L13535.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25Sep72; R536537.

WINGMEN OF TOMORROW, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
Co. © 14Jun45; M16095. Universal Pictures (PWH); 12Jul72; R532053.

WITHIN THESE WALLS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 27Jun45; L13450. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 3Oct72;
R536823.

A WOLF’S TALE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 27Oct44; L13330.
Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct72; R537518.

WOMAN IN THE WINDOW, a photoplay in 10 reels by Christie Corp. ©
11Oct44; L12883. United Artists Corp. (PWH); 5Sep72; R537246. (See also
Woman in the window; 21Jul72; R533129)

WOMAN IN THE WINDOW, a photoplay in 10 reels by Christie Corp. ©
11Oct44; L12883. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 21Jul72;
R533129. (See also Woman in the window; 5Sep72; R537246)

WOODY WOODPECKER IN WOODY DINES OUT, a motion picture in 1 reel by
Universal Pictures Co., Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 23Apr45;
M16093. Universal Pictures & Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 30May72;
R531665.

WORLD OF SPORTS. See

  CADET CAGERS.

  CHAMPION OF THE CUE.

  CHIPS AND PUTTS.

  HI-HO RODEO.

  PUCK CHASERS.

  SALMON FISHING.


                                   Y

YANKEE DOODLE’S DAUGHTERS, a motion picture in 10 min. by Warner Bros.
Pictures. © 21Jul45; M16163. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
13Nov72; R539838.

YOLANDA AND THE THIEF, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew’s. © 15Nov45;
L237. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 16Nov72; R539813.

YOU CAME ALONG, a photoplay in 11 reels by Hal Wallis Productions. ©
4Jul45; L13356. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 16Oct72; R537763.

YOU CAN’T DO WITHOUT LOVE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 26Jul45; L13434. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
14Aug72; R534300.




                               NAME INDEX


An index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing companies,
sponsors, and authors given in the main entries. Below each name are the
titles under which the main entries are to be found. Renewal
registrations are identified by the symbol (R).

                                   A

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN.
   CHALLENGE.

 ABKCO Films., Inc.
   BLINDMAN.

 A-V Corp. Teaching Films, Inc.
   SEE Teaching Films, Inc.

 Abracadabra Enterprises Corp.
   THE HAND THAT WOULD NOT OPEN.

 Adair, Janice Karen.
   A PROGRAM OF TUMBLING SKILLS DEVELOPED THROUGH A CREATIVE APPROACH.

 Adam–12 Productions.
   ADAM–12.

 Addison-Wesley Pub. Co., Inc.
   SUPERVISING BY OBJECTIVES.

 Advance Schools, Inc.
   ELECTRICAL SERVICE AND APPLIANCE REPAIR.

 Alberta. Dept. of Education.
   THE DRUG DILEMMA: A NEW DAY DAWNING.

 Alive Enterprises, Inc.
   ELECTED.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corp.
   ALASKA. (R)
   ARMY WIVES. (R)
   BOWERY CHAMPS. (R)
   CHINA’S LITTLE DEVILS. (R)
   THE CISCO KID IN OLD NEW MEXICO. (R)
   THE CISCO KID RETURNS. (R)
   CRAZY KNIGHTS. (R)
   DILLINGER. (R)
   DOCKS OF NEW YORK. (R)
   FOREVER YOURS. (R)
   G. I. HONEYMOON. (R)
   GHOST GUNS. (R)
   GUN SMOKE. (R)
   LAW OF THE VALLEY. (R)
   NAVAJO TRAILS. (R)
   SONG OF THE RANGE. (R)
   STRANGER FROM SANTA FE. (R)
   TRIGGER LAW. (R)

 Alta-Light, Inc.
   THE LAST MOVIE.

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   COLD FRONT.
   WHY DO YOU BUY.

 Amateau, Rod.
   WHERE DOES IT HURT.

 American Anthropological Assn.
   THE EMERGENCE OF COMPLEX SOCIETIES.

 American Assn. for Health, Physical Education & Recreation. School
    Health Division.
   ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   HEROES & HEROIN.
   I’LL BE SEEING YOU. (R)
   THE MAN.
   SINCE YOU WENT AWAY.

 American College of Obstetricians & Gynecologists.
   MODERN OBSTETRICS: PRE-ECLAMPSIA--ECLAMPSIA.

 American Freedom from Hunger Foundation.
   MILES TO GO.

 American Heart. Assn.
   WHAT GOES UP.

 American Home Economics Assn.
   JOBS FOR YOU: IT’S HAPPENING IN HOME ECONOMICS.

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   MAFIA.
   SOME OF MY BEST FRIENDS ARE.

 American International Productions.
   BOXCAR BERTHA.
   FROGS.

 American Iron & Steel Institute.
   STEEL AND AMERICA.

 American Management Assn., Inc.
   COMMUNICATION.
   CONTROLLING--KEEPING PLANS ON TARGET.
   THE DECISION MAKING PROCESS.
   MOTIVATION--THE TEST OF LEADERSHIP.
   THE NATURE OF MANAGEMENT.
   ORGANIZING -- STRUCTURING THE WORK OF THE PLAN.
   PLANNING -- THE FUTURE’S FIRST STEPS.
   STANDARDS AND APPRAISAL -- AIDS TO CONTROL.

 American Medical Assn.
   MODERN OBSTETRICS: PRE-ECLAMPSIA--ECLAMPSIA.

 American National Red Cross.
   THE SUMMER OF ’72.

 American Oil Co.
   DIESEL DECISIONS.

 American Personnel & Guidance Assn.
   B. F. SKINNER ON COUNSELING.
   B. F. SKINNER ON EDUCATION.

 Angelus Pictures, Inc.
   SUMMER STORM. (R)

 Anthony, Tony.
   BLINDMAN.

 Apple Films, Inc.
   THE CONCERT FOR BANGLADESH.

 Appleton-Century-Crofts.
   DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.

 Arcadia Enterprises.
   THE STEEL LOCK BLOCK HOUSE.

 Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Dept. of Health & Hospitals.
   SEE Catholic Church. Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Dept. of Health &
      Hospitals.

 Archers Film Productions, Ltd.
   A CANTERBURY TALE. (R)

 Arno Press.
   THE HURDLER.

 Arnold (Jim) Film Productions.
   THE STEEL LOCK BLOCK HOUSE.

 Aronson, Jerry.
   OLD GLORY MARCHING SOCIETY.

 Association for Research & Enlightenment.
   MANY HAPPY RETURNS.

 Audio Productions.
   PUMPKIN PEOPLE.

 Audio Visual Aids Corp. Image Projections.
   SEE Image Projections.

 Audio/Visual Media Dept. Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc.
   SEE Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc. Audio/Visual Media Dept.

 Augsburg Pub. House.
   APOCALYPSE.


                                   B

 BJW, Ltd.
   THE GENTLE PEOPLE AND THE QUIET LAND.

 Bach, Margaret Lesser.
   SAM.

 Baker (Ezra) Films, Inc.
   CRASH.

 Baker, Steven.
   SODOM AND GOMORRAH.

 Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn.
   COUNTERFEIT, STOLEN, & ALTERED CHECKS.
   COURTESY CARDS & BANKAMERICARDS.
   CROOKS ARE USUALLY STRANGERS, BUT.
   IDENTIFICATION.
   LESS-CASH TRANSACTIONS.
   NEW ACCOUNTS.
   REMEMBER.
   RX FOR DOCTORS ONLY.
   SELF-DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM, TUITION ASSISTANCE/AIB.
   SIGNATURES.
   THINK TWICE.
   WE GIVE A HOOT.

 Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn. Training Dept.
   SELF-DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM, TUITION ASSISTANCE/AIB.

 Bank of America National Trust & Savings Assn. World Headquarters.
    Training Dept.
   COUNTERFEIT, STOLEN, & ALTERED CHECKS.
   COURTESY CARDS & BANKAMERICARDS.
   CROOKS ARE USUALLY STRANGERS, BUT.
   IDENTIFICATION.
   LESS-CASH TRANSACTIONS.
   NEW ACCOUNTS.
   SIGNATURES.
   THINK TWICE.

 Banner (Bob) Associates.
   MONGO’S BACK IN TOWN.

 Barbizon School of Modeling.
   YOUR CAREER IN MODELING.

 Bartlett, Elsa Jaffe.
   THE PRICE IS RIGHT--OR IS IT.

 Bartlett, Richard H. Norris.
   THE GENTLE PEOPLE AND THE QUIET LAND.

 Bauer, Byron D.
   THE ICARUS WISH.

 Bee Cross-Media, Inc.
   RICE GROWING IN BONTOC.

 Bell (Dave) Associates, Inc.
   MRS. PEABODY’S BEACH.

 Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc.
   I.C. A SHRINKING WORLD.

 Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc. Audio/Visual Media Dept.
   I.C. A SHRINKING WORLD.

 Beloit Tool Corp.
   WHY METRICS.

 Beloit Tool Corp. Regal Beloit.
   SEE Regal Beloit.

 Benchmark Films.
   MOVE.

 Benchmark Films, Inc.
   ELSA AND HER CUBS.

 Beneficial Corp.
   [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]
   TAX SERVICE MANAGERS.

 Benjamin, William.
   THE CHAMPAGNE MURDERS.

 Berarducci, Vilma.
   MOVE.

 Bibas-Redford, Inc.
   CONCERN AND THE LAND.

 Big City Productions, Ltd.
   PUPPET ON A CHAIN.

 Biomedical Communications Section, College of Veterinary Medicine, Iowa
    State University.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames. College of Veterinary Medicine.
      Biomedical Communications Section.

 Birmingham, Ala. Beautification Board.
   ONCE UPON A RAINBOW.

 Blue Cross of Northeastern New York, Inc.
   HASP FOR OPERATORS.

 Bluebird Productions, Ltd.
   SOME OF MY BEST FRIENDS ARE.

 Boal (Bill) Productions.
   AMERICAN FAMILIES.
   AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.

 Bodmer, Karl.
   TRAVELS IN THE INTERIOR OF NORTH AMERICA.

 Boulevard Communication Group, Inc.
   BREAKTHROUGH.

 Bowmar Records, Inc.
   NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN SONGS.

 Boy Scouts of America.
   GO SCOUTING.
   SCOUTING IN THE CHURCH’S MINISTRY.
   SCOUTING IN THE SALVATION ARMY’S MINISTRY.

 Brandon, Russell.
   NIGHT OF THE LEPUS.

 Brandt, Steven C.
   SEE Loen-Brandt, Inc.

 Bratton-Tomlison Productions.
   JOBS IN PRINTING.

 Braun, Edward H.
   SEE Price-Howard Productions.

 Brayton-Kendall Productions.
   THE EMERGING ESKIMO.

 Bright, Robert.
   MY RED UMBRELLA.

 Brinley, Bertrand R.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Broadcasting & Film Commission, National Council of Churches.
   SEE National Council of Churches. Broadcasting & Film Communication.

 Broadman Films.
   BAPTIST ROLE IN EUROPE.
   CHRIST IS BORN.
   CHURCHES AND HOW THEY GROW.
   GALATIANS: FREEDOM THROUGH CHRIST.
   INTERFAITH WITNESS.
   MEETING THE AMERICAN JEW.
   OUTREACH THROUGH BUS MINISTRY.
   WE HAVE TO FIND A WAY.
   WHAT IS YOUR MISSION FIELD.
   WORLD RELIGIONS IN THE NEW WORLD.
   YOUTH EVANGELISM.

 Brown, J. P. S.
   POCKET MONEY.

 Bubolz, Gordon A.
   MENOMINEE INDIAN HERITAGE.

 Buchman (Sidney) Productions, Inc.
   OVER 21. (R)

 Buck, William D.
   WARFARIN AND PINDONE POISONING IN THE DOG AND CAT.

 Buena Vista Distribution Co., Inc.
   THE BISCUIT EATER.
   NAPOLEON AND SAMANTHA.
   NOW YOU SEE HIM, NOW YOU DON’T.
   SIMPLE HAND PUPPETS.

 Bufty, William.
   LADY SINGS THE BLUES.

 Burren, Marjorie.
   YOUR FIRST WEEK ON THE JOB.

 Butler, Jo.
   THE PRICE IS RIGHT--OR IS IT.


                                   C

 C.O.R.T. Motion Pictures.
   INDICATIONS FOR PHOTOPATCH TESTING.
   PHOTOPATCH TESTING AS AN OFFICE PROCEDURE.

 CRM Productions.
   ALCOHOLISM: A MODEL OF DRUG DEPENDENCY.
   BUSINESS, BEHAVIORISM AND THE BOTTOM LINE.
   THE CELL: A FUNCTIONING STRUCTURE.
   A CONVERSATION WITH B. F. SKINNER.
   DEPENDENCE: A NEW DEFINITION.
   EVOLUTION AND THE ORIGIN OF LIFE.
   THE HEART: ATTACK.
   THE HEART: COUNTERATTACK.
   LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD.
   MUSCLE.
   TOKEN ECONOMY.

 Caedmon Records, Inc.
   WHAT IS POETRY.

 Calvin Communications, Inc.
   THE LOSERS.

 Campus Film Productions, Inc.
   PLAY IN THE HOSPITAL.

 Cana-West Master Films.
   THE DRUG DILEMMA: A NEW DAY DAWNING.

 Cast Iron Soil Pipe Institute.
   THE CI NO-HUB SANITARY SYSTEM: HOW IT CAN HELP YOU.

 Cathedral Films, Inc.
   LEARNING ABOUT ME.

 Cathedral Films, Inc. Q-ED Productions.
   SEE Q-ED Productions.

 Catholic Church. Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Dept. of Health &
    Hospitals.
   DIALOGUE WITH DOCTOR.

 Center for Creative Leadership, Greensboro, N.C.
   A PSYCHOLOGY OF CREATIVITY.

 Central & Southern Florida Flood Control District.
   SEE Florida. Central & Southern Flood Control District.

 Centron Corp., Inc.
   CHARACTERS IN CONFLICT.
   CONCEPTS IN ECOLOGY.
   CORN -- THE PLANT WITH EARS.
   ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.
   GOODBYE LYNN.
   GROWING UP ON THE FARM TODAY.
   JOBS IN THE CITY: MASS MEDIA.
   JOBS IN THE CITY: MEDICAL AND HEALTH.
   THE LUNATIC.
   POETRY FOR FUN: POEMS ABOUT ANIMALS.
   A VISIT TO THE FATHER.

 Centron Educational Films.
   CHARACTERS IN CONFLICT.
   CONCEPTS IN ECOLOGY.
   CORN -- THE PLANT WITH EARS.
   THE EMERGING ESKIMO.
   ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES SERIES.
   GOODBYE LYNN.
   GROWING UP ON THE FARM TODAY.
   JOBS IN THE CITY: MASS MEDIA.
   JOBS IN THE CITY: MEDICAL AND HEALTH.
   THE LUNATIC.
   ME.
   POETRY FOR FUN: POEMS ABOUT ANIMALS.
   THEY.
   A VISIT TO THE FATHER.

 Chartoff-Winkler Productions, Inc.
   THE NEW CENTURIONS.

 Chartwell Films, Ltd.
   LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

 Child Evangelism Fellowship, Inc.
   SEE International Child Evangelism Fellowship, Inc.

 Childbirth Educational Films, Inc.
   FIRST BREATH.

 Chilton Film & Television Enterprises, Ltd.
   BLACK BEAUTY.

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   JOHN HUGHES.
   1972 ANNUAL MEETING TESTIMONY REPORT.
   SUNDAY SCHOOL IS FOR ALL.
   TEACHING SELF-RELIANT HEALING.
   WHY TALK ABOUT SEX.

 Christie Corp.
   CASANOVA BROWN. (R)
   WOMAN IN THE WINDOW. (R)

 Chrysler Corp.
   CHRYSLER-FURY-SATELLITE WAGONS FOR ’73.
   CRICKET AND COLT CARBURETORS.
   ELECTRIC DOOR AND TAILGATE LOCKS AND ELECTRIC WINDOWS.
   EXTRA CARE IN ENGINEERING.
   1973 CHRYSLER.
   1973 CLEANER AIR SYSTEM HIGHLIGHTS.
   1973 CORONET & CORONET WAGON.
   THE 1973 DODGE CHARGER.
   THE 1973 DODGE DART.
   THE 1973 1 1/4″ BBD CARBURETOR.
   THE 1973 PLYMOUTH FURY.
   1973 PLYMOUTH SATELLITE: COMING THROUGH.
   1973 PLYMOUTH, VALIANT, DUSTER, BARRACUDA.
   1973 POLARA AND MONACO.
   1973 WARRANTY INFORMATION.
   PROSPECTING OUT BACK BUILDS BUSINESS UP FRONT.
   SELLING IN TODAY’S MARKET.
   THE ’73 DODGE TRUCK.
   SPEED CONTROL & CONCEALED HEADLIGHTS.
   TODAY’S TIRES, FACTS AND FIXES.
   USE THE PRODUCT TO HELP SELL YOURSELF.
   WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU GET.
   YOU CAN’T BEAT THE BASICS.

 Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.
   PROSPECTING OUT BACK BUILDS BUSINESS UP FRONT.
   USE THE PRODUCT TO HELP SELL YOURSELF.
   YOU CAN’T BEAT THE BASICS.

 Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.
   EXTRA CARE IN ENGINEERING.
   1973 CORONET & CORONET WAGON.
   1973 WARRANTY INFORMATION.
   WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU GET.

 Chrysler Corp. Plymouth Division.
   1973 WARRANTY INFORMATION.

 Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Churchill Films, Inc.
   AIRPORT SERVICE.
   A CITY IS MANY THINGS.
   COTTON CLOTHING FROM FIELD TO YOU.
   FATHERS WORK.
   MOTHERS WORK TOO.
   THE NEW BABY.
   THE OCEAN IS MANY THINGS.
   OPEN-ENDED STORIES.
   READING WITH RIDDLES.
   THEY NEED ME.
   TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY.
   WHAT DO YOU THINK.

 Chvany, Peter J.
   PARALLEL ACTION.
   WHO IS THE CAMERA.

 CineAvanti.
   COPE.

 Cinema Center Films.
   THE BROTHERHOOD OF THE BELL.
   HUNTERS ARE FOR KILLING.
   PRIME CUT.
   THE REVENGERS.
   SNOOPY, COME HOME.
   THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN.

 CinemaLeto Associates.
   YOUR CAREER IN MODELING.

 Cinerama Releasing Corp.
   BEN.
   BLACK RODEO.
   PUPPET ON A CHAIN.
   WHERE DOES IT HURT.

 Cite Films.
   LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

 City University of New York. Guidance Laboratory.
   INTERACTION ANALYSIS.
   REALITY COUNSELING IN THE BRONX.
   STYLES OF OPENING THE INDIVIDUAL INTERVIEW.

 City University of New York. Research Foundation.
   INTERACTION ANALYSIS.
   REALITY COUNSELING IN THE BRONX.
   STYLES OF OPENING THE INDIVIDUAL INTERVIEW.

 Classroom Materials Co.
   DEVELOPING TECHNIQUES IN CONCENTRATION.

 Coca-Cola Co.
   BASKETBALL--PRESSURE TEAM DEFENSE.

 Coleytown Production, Inc.
   POCKET MONEY.

 College of Veterinary Medicine, Iowa State University.
   SEE Iowa State University, Ames. College of Veterinary Medicine.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   CBS NEWS SPECIAL.
   CBS REPORTS.
   CANNON.
   A DEATH OF INNOCENCE.
   GOODBYE, RAGGEDY ANN.
   THE HOMECOMING.
   MONGO’S BACK IN TOWN.
   NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE’S CONCERTS.
   60 MINUTES.
   WHO? WHAT? WHEN? WHERE? WHY?

 Columbia College, Chicago. Motion Picture Dept.
   CREATING WITH TEXTURES.

 Columbia Films, S.A.
   THE BURGLARS.
   LE CASSE.

 Columbia Pictures.
   THE BURGLARS.
   DIRTY LITTLE BILLY.
   FAT CITY.
   THE LAST REBEL.
   A REFLECTION OF FEAR.

 Columbia Pictures Corp.
   ADVENTURES OF RUSTY. (R)
   BLAZING THE WESTERN TRAIL. (R)
   BLONDE FROM BROOKLYN. (R)
   BOSTON BLACKIE’S RENDEZVOUS. (R)
   BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. (R)
   CADET CAGERS. (R)
   CALLING ALL FIBBERS. (R)
   CHAMPION OF THE CUE. (R)
   CHIPS AND PUTTS. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   THE CRIME DOCTOR’S WARNING. (R)
   DANCE, DUNCE, DANCE. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   THE GAY SENORITA. (R)
   THE GIRL OF THE LIMBERLOST. (R)
   A HARBOR GOES TO FRANCE. (R)
   HI-HO RODEO. (R)
   HIT THE HAY. (R)
   I LOVE A BANDLEADER. (R)
   IDIOTS DELUXE. (R)
   IF A BODY MEETS A BODY. (R)
   IRON MASTERS. (R)
   JUNGLE RAIDERS. (R)
   THE JURY GOES ROUND ’N ROUND. (R)
   KISS AND TELL. (R)
   LAWLESS EMPIRE. (R)
   THE MAYOR’S HUSBAND. (R)
   MICRO-PHONIES. (R)
   A MINER AFFAIR. (R)
   THE MONSTER AND THE APE. (R)
   MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS. (R)
   OUTLAWS OF THE ROCKIES. (R)
   PARDON MY PAST. (R)
   PISTOL PACKIN’ NITWITS. (R)
   PRISON SHIP. (R)
   PUCK CHASERS. (R)
   RHYTHM ROUND-UP. (R)
   RUSTLERS OF THE BADLANDS. (R)
   SALMON FISHING. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SHE WOULDN’T SAY YES. (R)
   SNAFU. (R)
   SONG OF THE PRAIRIE. (R)
   A THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS. (R)
   VINE, WOMAN AND SONG. (R)
   VOICE OF THE WHISTLER. (R)
   WHERE THE PEST BEGINS. (R)
   YOU CAN’T DO WITHOUT LOVE. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   ADVENTURES OF RUSTY. (R)
   BLAZING THE WESTERN TRAIL. (R)
   BLONDE FROM BROOKLYN. (R)
   BOBBY SOCKS. (R)
   BOSTON BLACKIE’S RENDEZVOUS. (R)
   BRENDA STARR, REPORTER. (R)
   CADET CAGERS. (R)
   CALLING ALL FIBBERS. (R)
   CARNIVAL COURAGE. (R)
   CHAMPION OF THE CUE. (R)
   CHIPS AND PUTTS. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   THE CRIME DOCTOR’S WARNING. (R)
   DANCE, DUNCE, DANCE. (R)
   FIESTA TIME. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   THE GAY SENORITA. (R)
   THE GIRL OF THE LIMBERLOST. (R)
   GOOFY NEWS VIEWS. (R)
   A HARBOR GOES TO FRANCE. (R)
   HI-HO RODEO. (R)
   HIT THE HAY. (R)
   HOT FOOT LIGHTS. (R)
   I LOVE A BANDLEADER. (R)
   IDIOTS DELUXE. (R)
   IF A BODY MEETS A BODY. (R)
   IRON MASTERS. (R)
   JUNGLE RAIDERS. (R)
   THE JURY GOES ROUND ’N ROUND. (R)
   KISS AND TELL. (R)
   KU-KU-NUTS. (R)
   LAWLESS EMPIRE. (R)
   THE MAYOR’S HUSBAND. (R)
   MICRO-PHONIES. (R)
   A MINER AFFAIR. (R)
   THE MONSTER AND THE APE. (R)
   MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS. (R)
   MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. (R)
   THE NEW CENTURIONS.
   OUTLAWS OF THE ROCKIES. (R)
   OVER 21. (R)
   PARDON MY PAST. (R)
   PHONY BALONEY. (R)
   PISTOL PACKIN’ NITWITS. (R)
   PRISON SHIP. (R)
   PUCK CHASERS. (R)
   RHYTHM ROUND-UP. (R)
   RIPPLING ROMANCE. (R)
   RUSTLERS OF THE BADLANDS. (R)
   SALMON FISHING. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   1776.
   SHE WOULDN’T SAY YES. (R)
   SIMPLE SIREN. (R)
   SNAFU. (R)
   SONG OF THE PRAIRIE. (R)
   A THOUSAND AND ONE NIGHTS. (R)
   TREASURE JEST. (R)
   VINE, WOMAN AND SONG. (R)
   VOICE OF THE WHISTLER. (R)
   WHERE THE PEST BEGINS. (R)
   YOU CAN’T DO WITHOUT LOVE. (R)

 Commercial Film Co.
   THE GENTLE PEOPLE AND THE QUIET LAND.

 Communication Skills Corp.
   BASIC ATOMIC ABSORPTION.
   INTRODUCTION: RELATIONSHIPS AND THEORY.
   INTRODUCTION TO MASS SPECTROMETRY AND INSTRUMENTATION.

 Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.
   ALCOHOLISM: A MODEL OF DRUG DEPENDENCY.
   BUSINESS, BEHAVIORISM AND THE BOTTOM LINE.
   THE CELL: A FUNCTIONING STRUCTURE.
   A CONVERSATION WITH B. F. SKINNER.
   DEPENDENCE: A NEW DEFINITION.
   EVOLUTION AND THE ORIGIN OF LIFE.
   THE HEART: ATTACK.
   THE HEART: COUNTERATTACK.
   MUSCLE.
   TOKEN ECONOMY.

 Comprenetics, Inc.
   DUST MOPPING.

 Concepts Unlimited, Inc.
   NORMAN ROCKWELL’S WORLD, AN AMERICAN DREAM.

 Concordia Pub. House.
   BIRTHDAYS ARE BEGINNINGS.
   DOCTRINE OF THE GOSPEL.
   HEY, THAT’S ME.
   IS THE SKY FALLING.
   J IS FOR JESUS, J IS FOR JOY.
   JESUS FORGIVES A SINFUL WOMAN.
   LED BY THE SPIRIT.
   LIGHTS AND MORE LIGHTS.
   LOOKING FOR THE LOST.
   REJOICE.
   SALLY’S YELLOW FLOWERS.
   SEEDS OF TRAGEDY.

 Coronet Instructional Films.
   AMERICAN FAMILIES.
   AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.
   AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTHEAST.
   ANIMAL FABLES.
   ART APPRECIATION: ENJOYING PAINTINGS.
   AUTUMN COMES TO THE FOREST.
   CHOOSING BOOKS TO READ.
   CHRISTMAS TALES FROM MANY LANDS.
   CREATING WITH SHAPES.
   CREATING WITH TEXTURES.
   DATA PROCESSING: AN INTRODUCTION.
   THE DRUG DILEMMA: A NEW DAY DAWNING.
   ECOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES.
   AN EGG BECOMES A CHICK.
   ELECTROMAGNETS AND THEIR USES.
   THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE: ITS SPELLING PATTERNS.
   ENGLISH ON THE JOB: LISTENING AND SPEAKING SKILLS.
   ENGLISH ON THE JOB: READING SKILLS.
   ENGLISH ON THE JOB: WRITING SKILLS.
   IMPROVE YOUR PRONUNCIATION.
   JOBS IN PRINTING.
   THE LANGUAGE OF GRAPHS.
   PEOPLE WHO WORK IN FACTORIES.
   PEOPLE WHO WORK IN OFFICES.
   PEOPLE WHO WORK IN STORES.
   PERSONAL HEALTH FOR GIRLS.
   POLLUTION.
   SEEING THE PACIFIC ISLANDS.
   SPRING COMES TO THE FOREST.
   WATER AND HOW WE USE IT.
   WE ARE THE CITY.

 Corsair Films, Inc.
   HENRY O. TANNER.
   LEONARDO DA VINCI.

 Costello Productions.
   RUBBISH, GARBAGE AND OTHER TRASH.
   YOUR LIFE, YOUR SECURITY.

 Cowan (Lester) Productions, Inc.
   G.I. JOE. (R)
   TOMORROW THE WORLD. (R)

 Crean (J. Cornelius) Films, Inc.
   HAMMERSMITH IS OUT.

 Creative Communications, Inc.
   THE RISE AND FALL OF BERT HAWKINS.

 Creative Sight & Sound Co., Ltd.
   MORE THAN A MATTER OF MONEY.

 Crono Cinematografica, S.P.A.
   ACE HIGH.

 Crosby (Bing) Productions, Inc.
   BEN.

 Cybis.
   OF QUEENS AND KINGS AND OTHER THINGS.


                                   D

 DFI Communications, Inc.
   LET’S PASS AS FRIENDS, EMERGENCY REACTION DRIVING.

 Da. Ma. Productions.
   THE BLACK BELLY OF THE TARANTULA.

 Dafnides, Thomas Stephen.
   REVELATIONS.

 Dana Productions.
   THE AMERICAN INDIAN INFLUENCE ON THE UNITED STATES.

 Davidson Films.
   ERNEST GAINES: BLOOD LINES IN INK.
   JAMES HOUSTON: THE VISION BEYOND THE MASK.
   WALTER D. EDMONDS: THE PRESENCE OF THE PAST.

 Davidson Films, Inc.
   THE GROWTH OF INTELLIGENCE IN THE PRE-SCHOOL YEARS.

 Davies, L. P.
   THE GROUNDSTAR CONSPIRACY.

 Davis, Joan.
   THE GIRAFFE.
   THE KANGAROO.

 Dawley, Muriel.
   NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN SONGS.

 Dawson Productions.
   CALIFORNIA’S COAST, THE SUNSET SHORE.

 Deca Co.
   SEE Deca Productions.

 Deca Productions.
   AIDS AND INNOVATIONS FOR ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY.

 DePatie-Freleng.
   CAMERA BUG.
   HISS AND HERS.
   LOVE AND HISSES.
   NIPPON TUCK.
   PUNCH AND JUDO.
   SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL SERPENT.

 Diablo Productions, Inc.
   DARE THE WILDEST RIVER.

 Dimension Pictures, Inc.
   SWEET SUGAR.

 Disney (Walt) Educational Materials Co.
   HENRY O. TANNER.
   LEONARDO DA VINCI.
   MRS. PEABODY’S BEACH.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   THE BEAR FAMILY.
   THE BEASTS OF BURDEN FAMILY.
   THE BISCUIT EATER.
   THE CERAMIC MURAL.
   THE DEER FAMILY.
   EL ENEMIGO INVISIBLE. (R)
   THE FIGHT.
   THE GAME.
   GET THE MESSAGE.
   HOLD YOUR HORSEPOWER. (R)
   THE HUMAN BODY. (R)
   IN DUTCH. (R)
   LUNCH MONEY.
   NAPOLEON AND SAMANTHA.
   THE NEW GIRL.
   NOW YOU SEE HIM, NOW YOU DON’T.
   OLD SEQUOIA. (R)
   PHYSICAL FITNESS AND GOOD HEALTH.
   PLUTO’S KID BROTHER. (R)
   THE PROJECT.
   ROOM FOR HEROES.
   THE SOCIAL SIDE OF HEALTH.
   STEEL AND AMERICA.
   STEPS TOWARD MATURITY AND HEALTH.
   TEETH ARE FOR CHEWING.
   TUBERCULOSIS. (R)
   UNDERSTANDING STRESSES AND STRAINS.
   THE WEASEL FAMILY.
   THE WILD CAT FAMILY--THE COUGAR.
   THE WILD DOG FAMILY--THE COYOTE.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Dodge Division. Chrysler Corp.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.

 Donnelly, William J.
   JOB HUNTING: WHERE TO BEGIN.

 Dortch, M. Robert.
   WATER DESTRUCTION.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc.
   DISCOVERY: TROPICAL AFRICA.
   JAPAN.
   MIXTURES: LIQUIDS.
   MIXTURES: SOLIDS.
   MIXTURES: SOLIDS - LIQUIDS.
   WATER IN THREE STATES.
   WATER: LIQUID TO SOLID.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   SEE Doubleday Multimedia.

 Doubleday Multimedia.
   DISCOVERY: TROPICAL AFRICA.
   ELECTRICITY FROM MAGNETISM.
   JAPAN.
   MAGNETISM FROM ELECTRICITY.
   MAKING A SIMPLE ELECTRIC MOTOR.
   MEXICO: AN ECONOMY IN TRANSITION.
   MIXTURES: LIQUIDS.
   MIXTURES: SOLIDS.
   WATER IN THREE STATES.
   WATER: LIQUID TO SOLID.

 Dreams of Glass Co.
   DREAMS OF GLASS.

 DuBois, William L.
   WATTS FESTIVAL - 69.

 Dubrowsky, Edward.
   THE ALPHABET CITY.
   HOLIDAYS AND FESTIVALS IN THE CITY.
   PEOPLE OF THE CARIBBEAN.
   PEOPLE OF THE CITY.
   STORY OF A GREAT CITY: NEW YORK.

 Duris, Judy.
   ROSIE’S WALK.

 Duvoisin, Roger.
   THE HAPPY LION AND THE BEAR.
   THE HAPPY LION’S QUEST.
   THE HAPPY LION’S TREASURE.
   THE THREE HAPPY LIONS.


                                   E

 ETS Program Service.
   ROBERT ERICKSON.

 Eagle Lion Films, Inc.
   KING HENRY THE FIFTH.
   A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN.

 Earl Rowland Foundation.
   [PICASSO SCULPTURE AT THE MUSEUM OF MODERN ART]

 Eastman Kodak Co.
   MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION--CONTINUITY I.
   MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION--CONTINUITY II.
   THE STORY BEHIND FILM.

 Ede, H. S.
   SAVAGE MESSIAH.

 Educational Audio Visual, Inc.
   THE 1848 REVOLUTIONS.
   FASCIST DICTATORSHIPS.
   NINETEENTH-CENTURY NATIONALISM.

 Educational Direction, Inc.
   ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.
   BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.
   CANADA: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   CLASSROOM JOURNEYS.
   CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.
   CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.
   DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.
   DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.
   DOLLARS AND SENSE.
   EDUCATION FOR OCCUPATIONS.
   FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.
   FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.
   FINDING YOUR JOB.
   FRANCE: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   THE FRONTIER STATES.
   GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.
   GREAT BRITAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.
   HOLLAND: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   HOW THINGS ARE MADE.
   HOW TO BUILD THINGS.
   HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.
   INTRODUCTION TO ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.
   LIFE: A UNIQUE PHENOMENON.
   LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.
   LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.
   MICROSCOPIC SPECIMENS: A RESOURCE UNIT.
   THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.
   THE NORTHEAST STATES.
   NOW YOU ARE A VOTER.
   THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.
   PLANT CLASSIFICATION.
   PUERTO RICO: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.
   THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.
   SAFETY AND SCHOOL.
   SIGHTS AND SOUNDS.
   SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.
   THE SOUTHERN STATES.
   THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.
   SPAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   SWEDEN: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   TAKING A GOOD LOOK AT SCIENCE.
   TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.
   USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.
   WEST GERMANY: A REGIONAL STUDY.

 Educational Progress Corp.
   YOUR INTRODUCTION TO THE MOTOR SKILLS DEVELOPMENT LABORATORY.

 Educational Projections Corp.
   THE FIRST AMERICANS.

 Educom, Inc.
   FORT DELAWARE: YESTERDAY AND TODAY.

 Edumat, Inc.
   BILL BIXBY & BRANDON CRUZ AT THE BUDAPEST CIRCUS FESTIVAL.

 Edwards (Vincent) Productions, Inc.
   MATT LINCOLN.

 Ellis, Carolyn R.
   THE WORLD OF THE CIRCUS.

 Elsa Wild Animal Appeal.
   ELSA AND HER CUBS.

 Emka.
   DUFFY’S TAVERN. (R)
   INCENDIARY BLONDE. (R)
   OUT OF THIS WORLD. (R)

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
   A BIRD OF PREY: THE RED-TAILED HAWK.
   THE BIRD WHO IS A CLOWN.
   CHEETAH.
   ECOLOGY OF A HOT SPRING: LIFE AT HIGH TEMPERATURES.
   ELEPHANT.
   GEYSER VALLEY.
   GIRAFFE.
   INDIAN ARTISTS OF THE SOUTHWEST.
   INVESTIGATING HIBERNATION: THE GOLDEN MANTLED GROUND SQUIRREL.
   LION.
   SEED DISPERSAL.
   SPACE EXPLORATION.
   ZEBRA.

 Eoyang, Eugene.
   SARIPUTRA AND THE SIX MASTERS OF HERESY.

 Equinox Films.
   DO YOU KNOW WHERE I’M GOING.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.
   SEE Coronet Instructional Films.

 Eye Gate House, Inc.
   ANIMAL CLASSIFICATION.
   BASIC OFFICE PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES.
   CANADA: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   CONFLICTS IN LITERATURE.
   DEVELOPING ELEMENTARY CONCEPTS.
   EDUCATION FOR OCCUPATIONS.
   FACTS ABOUT DRUGS, ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO.
   FIELD TRIPS OUT OF THE ORDINARY.
   FINDING YOUR JOB.
   FRANCE: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   THE FRONTIER STATES.
   GOING TO THE DOCTOR, DENTIST AND HOSPITAL.
   GREAT BRITAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   HIGH INTEREST STORIES FOR ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.
   HOLLAND: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   HOW THINGS ARE MADE.
   HOW TO BUILD THINGS.
   INTRODUCTION TO ENGLISH AS A SECOND LANGUAGE.
   LIFE: A UNIQUE PHENOMENON.
   LOOKING GREAT ON A SHOESTRING.
   MICROSCOPIC SPECIMENS: A RESOURCE UNIT.
   THE NORTH CENTRAL STATES.
   THE NORTHEAST STATES.
   NOW YOU ARE A VOTER.
   THE PACIFIC COAST STATES.
   PLANT CLASSIFICATION.
   POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.
   PUERTO RICO: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   READING SIGNS AND SIGNALS.
   THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN STATES.
   SAFETY AND SCHOOL.
   SOLVING WORD PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.
   THE SOUTHERN STATES.
   THE SOUTH WESTERN STATES.
   SPAIN: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   SWEDEN: A REGIONAL STUDY.
   TOPICS IN ALGEBRA.
   USING TODAY’S LIBRARY.
   WEST GERMANY: A REGIONAL STUDY.


                                   F

 FAME, Inc.
   SEE Famous American Musicians & Educators, Inc.

 Faces Music, Inc.
   MINNIE AND MOSKOWITZ.

 Fairbanks (Jerry) Productions.
   THE LEGEND OF AMALUK.

 Famous American Musicians & Educators, Inc.
   [CHET ATKINS GUITAR METHOD]

 Fant, Louie J., Jr.
   AMESLAN--AN INTRODUCTION TO AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE.

 Far West Laboratory for Educational Research & Development.
   DEVELOPING CHILDREN’S ORAL LANGUAGE: PRIMARY LEVELS.
   LEARNING AND GROWING & LEARNING.
   ORGANIZING INDEPENDENT LEARNING: PRIMARY LEVEL.

 Fatio, Louise.
   THE HAPPY LION AND THE BEAR.
   THE HAPPY LION’S QUEST.
   THE HAPPY LION’S TREASURE.
   THE THREE HAPPY LIONS.

 Fiering, Alvin.
   HOW TO MAKE A WOMAN.

 Film Archives Co.
   IT’S IN THE BAG. (R)

 Film Dynamics.
   JASON.

 Film Guarantors, Inc.
   HICKEY & BOGGS.

 FilmFair Communications.
   A CRACK IN THE PAVEMENT.
   THE EMERGENCE OF COMPLEX SOCIETIES.
   THE ENERGETICS OF LIFE.
   FOOT IN THE DOOR.
   IF YOU LABEL IT THIS, IT CAN’T BE THAT.
   MORNING AIRPORT.
   ON YOUR OWN.
   PROTEINS: STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION.
   READ BEFORE YOU WRITE.
   THERE IS A LAW AGAINST IT.
   THIS IS A FRAUD.

 FilmFair, Inc.
   A CRACK IN THE PAVEMENT.
   FOOT IN THE DOOR.
   IF YOU LABEL IT THIS, IT CAN’T BE THAT.
   MORNING AIRPORT.
   ON YOUR OWN.
   READ BEFORE YOU WRITE.
   THERE IS A LAW AGAINST IT.
   THIS IS A FRAUD.

 Firestone (John D.) & Associates.
   JESUS FORGIVES A SINFUL WOMAN.

 First Artists Production Co., Ltd.
   POCKET MONEY.

 Florida. Central & Southern Flood Control District.
   BEYOND DISASTER.

 Florida. Dept. of Education.
   DRUGS, A LEGACY.

 Florida Diabetes Camp Corp.
   FIRST, A CHILD.

 Flory, Elizabeth H.
   RICE GROWING IN BONTOC.

 Forbes, Stanton.
   A REFLECTION OF FEAR.

 Ford, Sherman, Jr.
   TAYLOR WINES.

 Foster & Greene Advertising, Inc.
   UNDERSTANDING AUTO AIR CONDITIONING.

 Foto du Monde, Inc.
   INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR.

 Four D Productions, Inc.
   THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN.

 Franciscan Communications Center, Los Angeles.
   EPIPHANIA.
   IF YOU WERE PRESIDENT.

 Freeman, Alan.
   ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

 Funt (Allen) Productions, Inc.
   MONEY TALKS.

 Furie Productions, Inc.
   LADY SINGS THE BLUES.

 Furstenberg, Bill.
   A STRATEGY FOR TEACHING VALUES.


                                   G

 Gabert, Harvey A.
   FETAL MONITORING TECHNIQUES.

 Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.
   WATERLOO ROAD. (R)

 Gainsborough Pictures (1928), Ltd.
   A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN.
   TWO THOUSAND WOMEN.

 Galbraith, John Avery.
   ONE WAY TO CHANGE.

 Gardner, David.
   THE BLUE ANGEL’S MOVIE.

 Gardner, Leonard.
   FAT CITY.

 Geeslin, E. Gene Smith.
   SEE Visual Aids Studio.

 Geeslin, Gene S.
   SEE Visual Aids Studio.

 General Film Distributors, Ltd.
   DON’T TAKE IT TO HEART. (R)
   HER MAN GILBEY. (R)
   KING HENRY THE FIFTH.
   KING HENRY THE FIFTH. (R)
   MR. EMMANUEL. (R)
   A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN.
   A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN. (R)
   TWO THOUSAND WOMEN.
   TWO THOUSAND WOMEN. (R)

 General Learning Corp.
   ERNEST GAINES: BLOOD LINES IN INK.
   JAMES HOUSTON: THE VISION BEYOND THE MASK.
   WALTER D. EDMONDS: THE PRESENCE OF THE PAST.

 General Motors Corp.
   SAFETY TIMES THREE.

 General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.
   TRAILERS AWAY.

 Gilbert, Stephen.
   BEN.

 Glenn Educational Films, Inc.
   SICKLE CELL, AN INHERITED DISEASE.

 Glynn, Thomas.
   BUT IT ISN’T YOURS.
   WHAT DO YOU DO ABOUT RULES.

 Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
   COMPUTERS AND YOU.
   COUNTING, BASE, AND PLACE VALUE.
   ENERGY CRISIS.
   LIFE SPAN.
   MULTIPLICATION.

 Goodis, David.
   THE BURGLARS.
   LE CASSE.

 Goodson-Todman Enterprises, Ltd.
   TO TELL THE TRUTH.

 Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.
   LOOK UNDER THE RUG.

 Gould, Lewis H.
   MY WORD.

 Graham, James.
   THE WRATH OF GOD.

 Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.
   [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Grand Valley State College, Allendale, Mich.
   LA GRANDE VITESSE.

 Greenberg, Selma.
   DEVELOPING TECHNIQUES IN CONCENTRATION.

 Greene, Susanne.
   URBAN AMERICA AS WE SEE IT.

 Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.
   THE BOY WHO CHALLENGED THE STARS: A GREEK MYTH.
   BUT IT ISN’T YOURS.
   CLOUDS AND RAIN AND THINGS.
   JOB HUNTING: WHERE TO BEGIN.
   JOBS FOR YOU: IT’S HAPPENING IN HOME ECONOMICS.
   THE MIGRANT WORKER.
   PEOPLE WHO HELP OTHERS.
   PEOPLE WHO WORK IN SCIENCE.
   POWER AT 18: THE BALLOT.
   A STRATEGY FOR TEACHING VALUES.
   URBAN AMERICA AS WE SEE IT.
   WHAT DO YOU DO ABOUT RULES.
   YOUNG, SINGLE AND PREGNANT.
   YOUR FIRST WEEK ON THE JOB.
   YOUR RIGHT TO VOTE.

 Gurian, Anita.
   DEVELOPING TECHNIQUES IN CONCENTRATION.

 Gyorffy, Gabriel E.
   LOVE MINUS ONE.


                                   H

 Haberstroh Studio, Inc.
   GALAXIES.
   THE SOLAR SYSTEM: ITS MOTIONS.
   THE SOLAR SYSTEM: MEASURING ITS DIMENSIONS.
   THE SUN.

 Hadley Properties, Inc.
   MULTIPLY AND SUBDUE.

 Halloran, William X.
   SEE Deca Productions.

 Hampshire Communications Corp.
   THE FLOODING RIVER.

 Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.
   A LOOK AT CHEMICAL CHANGE.

 Harbour-UTV.
   IRONSIDE.

 Harcourt Brace Jovanovich. Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New
    York.
   SEE Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, New York.

 Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.
   THE DERIVATIVE.
   THE FUNDAMENTAL THEOREM OF CALCULUS.
   MAXIMA AND MINIMA.
   MEAN VALUE THEOREMS.
   POINTS OF INFLECTION.

 Harper, David.
   SKYJACKED.

 Harrington, Joseph.
   LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

 Harris (Jack H.) Enterprises, Inc.
   BONE.

 Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE ORGANIZATION.
   UNDERSTANDING YOUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHERS.
   UNDERSTANDING YOURSELF.

 Headliner Productions, Inc.
   MOM AND DAD. (R)

 Hearst Metrotone News.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)
   SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)

 Heath (D. C.) & Co. Caedmon Records, Inc.
   SEE Caedmon Records, Inc.

 Heathertel Enterprises, Inc.
   LLOYD BRIDGES’ WATER WORLD.

 Helios Films.
   STATISTICS AT A GLANCE.

 Henderson, Laurence.
   SITTING TARGET.

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions, Inc.
   FIRE--NOT IN MY HOUSE.
   OF THIS WE ARE PROUD.
   VD: EVERY 30 SECONDS.
   VD: PREVENT IT.

 Hoffmann-La Roche, Inc.
   ACCIDENT PREVENTION.

 Holdridge, Barbara.
   WHAT IS POETRY.

 Holiday, Billie.
   LADY SINGS THE BLUES.

 Holm, Kristine.
   MY RED UMBRELLA.

 Home Mission Board.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Home Mission Board.

 Horn, Mildred A.
   MOM AND DAD. (R)

 Hornbein-Wood Films.
   THE LIVING FILTER.

 Houghton Mifflin Co.
   DECODING LANGUAGE IN GRAPHEMIC FORM BY MEANS OF GRAPHEME-PHONEME
      CORRESPONDENCES, CONTEXTUAL CLUES, AND DICTIONARY SYMBOLS.

 Houghton Mifflin Co. Educational Division.
   DECODING LANGUAGE IN GRAPHEMIC FORM BY MEANS OF GRAPHEME-PHONEME
      CORRESPONDENCES, CONTEXTUAL CLUES, AND DICTIONARY SYMBOLS.

 Household Finance Corp.
   MONEY TALKS.

 Household Finance Corp. Money Management Institute.
   MONEY TALKS.

 Howell, Ruth.
   A CRACK IN THE PAVEMENT.

 Huck Manufacturing Co.
   BREAKTHROUGH.

 Human Resources Research Organization, Alexandria, Va.
   DIALOGUES FOR THE WORKSHOP IN INTER-CULTURAL COMMUNICATION.

 Humrro.
   SEE Human Resources Research Organization, Alexandria, Va.

 Hutchins, Pat.
   ROSIE’S WALK.


                                   I

 IBM Corp.
   SEE International Business Machines Corp.

 ITT Community Development Corp.
   CONCERN AND THE LAND.

 Image Projections.
   [OIL STORY]

 Impact Productions Associates.
   SAFETY TIMES THREE.

 Imperial Film Co., Inc.
   INDIAN CRAFTS OF THE SOUTHWEST.
   THE LIFE CYCLE OF A BIGHORN SHEEP.
   MATHEW BRADY AND THE CIVIL WAR.
   TALES FROM THE GRIMM BROTHERS.
   WHERE DOES IT COME FROM.

 Indiana University, Bloomington.
   EARTH SCIENCE: THE EARTH’S INTERIOR.
   INNER CITY DWELLER: WORK.
   PIONEER MILL.

 Indiana University, Bloomington. Audio-Visual Center.
   EARTH SCIENCE: THE EARTH’S INTERIOR.
   INNER CITY DWELLER: WORK.
   PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING--THE GRAND RAPIDS EXPERIENCE.
   PIONEER MILL.

 Indiana University Foundation.
   SARIPUTRA AND THE SIX MASTERS OF HERESY.

 Innovative Resources, Inc.
   TAT AND TOE’S TALE.

 Institute for Dermatologic Communication & Education, New York.
   INDICATIONS FOR PHOTOPATCH TESTING.
   PHOTOPATCH TESTING AS AN OFFICE PROCEDURE.

 Instructional Media Laboratory.
   SEE University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee. Instructional Media
      Laboratory.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
   BOOBYTRAP.

 International Business Machines Corp.
   ANS, AMERICAN NATIONAL STANDARD, COBOL.
   ASSEMBLER LANGUAGE CODING.

 International Child Evangelism Fellowship, Inc.
   BANTU.

 International Consumer Products Group. Research & Development
    Laboratory.
   HOW TO OPERATE YOUR MEMO-MATIC KNITTING MACHINE FROM SINGER.

 International Pictures, Inc.
   BELLE OF THE YUKON. (R)

 International Union, U.A.W.
   SEE United Auto Workers. International Union.

 Iota Productions.
   LOVE MINUS ONE.

 Iowa State University, Ames.
   CLASSES AND PROPERTIES OF DISPERSIONS.
   CONTROLLING CRYSTALLIZATION.
   THE EFFECT OF COOKING ON PLANT PIGMENTS.
   EGG WHITE FOAM FORMATION.
   EGG WHITE FOAM FORMATIONS: USE OF SUGAR AND ACID.
   GELATINIZATION OF CORNSTARCH.
   GLUTEN DEVELOPMENT.
   OIL-IN-WATER EMULSIONS: FORMATION AND STABILITY.
   THE PERMEABILITY OF PLANT CELL MEMBRANES.
   PREPARATION OF LESS TENDER BEEF CUTS.
   PREPARATION OF TENDER BEEF CUTS.
   PREPARING A CRYSTALLINE CANDY: FONDANT.
   PREPARING AN AMORPHOUS CANDY: BUTTERSCOTCH.
   PROTEIN FOOD FOAMS.
   A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF CARCASS BREAKDOWN.
   A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF CHUCK BREAKDOWN.
   A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF RIB BREAKDOWN.
   A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF ROUND BREAKDOWN.
   A REPRESENTATIVE BREAKDOWN OF THE BEEF SHANK, BRISKET, SHORT PLATE
      AND FLANK.
   WARFARIN AND PINDONE POISONING IN THE DOG AND CAT.

 Iowa State University, Ames. College of Veterinary Medicine. Biomedical
    Communications Section.
   WARFARIN AND PINDONE POISONING IN THE DOG AND CAT.


                                   J

 JC Vending Machines, Inc. Costello Productions.
   SEE Costello Productions.

 Jack Music, Inc.
   DEAR DEAD DELILAH.

 Jaffe (Howard B.) Productions, Inc.
   A REFLECTION OF FEAR.

 Jaffilms, Inc.
   BAD COMPANY.

 Jalem Productions, Inc.
   THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN.

 James Jerome Hill Reference Library, St. Paul.
   TRAVELS IN THE INTERIOR OF NORTH AMERICA.

 James, Will.
   SHOOT OUT.

 Jobete Music Co., Inc.
   LADY SINGS THE BLUES.

 Joerns, Consuelo.
   THE BOY WHO CHALLENGED THE STARS: A GREEK MYTH.

 Johnson, E. Richard.
   MONGO’S BACK IN TOWN.

 Jones, David, Jr.
   HIGHPOCKETS FIGHTS AIR POLLUTION.

 Journal Films.
   COUNTING, BASE, AND PLACE VALUE.
   LIFE SPAN.
   MULTIPLICATION.

 Journal Films, Inc.
   COLD FRONT.
   COMPUTERS AND YOU.
   ENERGY CRISIS.
   WHY DO YOU BUY.

 Joyce, John.
   AMESLAN--AN INTRODUCTION TO AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE.

 Jungmann, Recha.
   RUBBISH, GARBAGE AND OTHER TRASH.

 Junior League of Hartford, Inc.
   CONNECTICUT: THE CONSTITUTION STATE.

 Justice, D. Blair.
   I AIN’T GOIN’ BACK.


                                   K

 KPBS-TV (Television station) San Diego, Calif.
   ROBERT ERICKSON.

 KUHT (Television station) Houston.
   I AIN’T GOIN’ BACK.

 Kaiser Aluminum & Chemical Corp.
   LIGHT, STRONG AND BEAUTIFUL.

 Kaluza, Les.
   POTPOURRI.

 Kaplan, Arthur.
   JOBS FOR YOU: IT’S HAPPENING IN HOME ECONOMICS.

 Kassebaum, F. George.
   ONE WAY TO CHANGE.

 Kaufman, Peter.
   YOUR FIRST WEEK ON THE JOB.

 Kavanagh, Jan.
   TAT AND TOE’S TALE.

 Kaye Instruments, Inc.
   THE DERIVATIVE.
   THE FUNDAMENTAL THEOREM OF CALCULUS.
   MAXIMA AND MINIMA.
   POINTS OF INFLECTION.

 Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc.
   THE METRIC SYSTEM.

 Keller, Fred S.
   TOGETHER: FRED S. KELLER AND B. F. SKINNER.

 Kelly, Walt.
   THE POGO SPECIAL BIRTHDAY SPECIAL.

 Kesey, Ken.
   SOMETIMES A GREAT NOTION.

 Kess, Steven.
   THE ALPHABET CITY.

 Key Productions.
   BEYOND DISASTER.

 Kimberlin, William.
   JEFFRIES-JOHNSON 1910.

 King, Robert L.
   NOW YOU SEE HIM, NOW YOU DON’T.

 Kingsbury Center, Inc., Washington, D.C.
   DEVELOPING READING READINESS PROGRAMS.
   PROGRAMMING FOR SUCCESS: THE TEACHER AS CLUB LEADER.
   TEACHING HISTORY, GEOGRAPHY, CIVICS.

 Kiva Films, Inc.
   GIVE ME THAT NEW TIME RELIGION.
   HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS, MY FRIEND.
   IT’S JUST THE BEGINNING.

 Knowledge Aid.
   SITUATIONAL LANGUAGE.

 Knowles, John.
   A SEPARATE PEACE.

 Knox Reeves Advertising.
   [GRAIN BELT BREWERIES, INC. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Komack Co., Inc.
   THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.


                                   L

 La Bern, Arthur.
   FRENZY.

 Landers-Roberts, Inc.
   THE HOT ROCK.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   CHEW CHEW BABY. (R)
   CROW CRAZY. (R)
   THE DIPPY DIPLOMAT. (R)
   THE PAINTER AND THE POINTER. (R)
   SLIPHORN KING OF POLAROO. (R)
   WOODY WOODPECKER IN WOODY DINES OUT. (R)

 Larco Productions, Inc.
   BONE.

 Laughlin (Michael) Enterprises, Inc.
   TWO LANE BLACKTOP.

 Lee Creative Communications, Inc.
   SICKLE CELL ANEMIA.

 Lesser, Sol.
   THREE IS A FAMILY. (R)

 Leto, Frank S.
   SEE CinemaLeto Associates.

 Liberty Mutual Insurance Co.
   LET’S PASS AS FRIENDS, EMERGENCY REACTION DRIVING.

 Lickona, Thomas.
   A STRATEGY FOR TEACHING VALUES.

 Linares, Luisa Maria.
   TE QUIERO PARA MI. (R)

 Lincoln, C. Eric.
   THE LEGEND OF NIGGER CHARLEY.

 Lizardi & Witte, Inc.
   WE GIVE A HOOT.

 Llenroc Productions.
   THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN.

 Loen-Brandt, Inc.
   SUPERVISING BY OBJECTIVES.

 Loen, Ray.
   SEE Loen-Brandt, Inc.

 Loew’s, Inc.
   ANCHORS AWEIGH. (R)
   BADMINTON. (R)
   BUD ABBOTT AND LOU COSTELLO IN HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   BUS PESTS. (R)
   DANGEROUS PARTNERS. (R)
   FLIRTY BIRDY. (R)
   FOOTBALL THRILLS OF 1944. (R)
   GETTIN’ GLAMOR. (R)
   THE GOLDEN HUNCH. (R)
   THE GREAT AMERICAN MUG. (R)
   GUEST PESTS. (R)
   A GUN IN HIS HAND. (R)
   HER HIGHNESS AND THE BELLBOY. (R)
   THE HIDDEN EYE. (R)
   A LETTER FOR EVIE. (R)
   MAGIC ON A STICK. (R)
   MERIDA AND CAMPECHE. (R)
   MODERN GUATEMALA CITY. (R)
   MOUSE IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   OUR VINES HAVE TENDER GRAPES. (R)
   PEOPLE ON PAPER. (R)
   PURITY SQUAD. (R)
   QUIET PLEASE. (R)
   THE SAILOR TAKES A WIFE. (R)
   SHE WENT TO THE RACES. (R)
   SPORTS STICKLERS. (R)
   SPREADIN’ THE JAM. (R)
   STAIRWAY TO LIGHT. (R)
   STRANGE DESTINY. (R)
   SWING SHIFT CINDERELLA. (R)
   TEE FOR TWO. (R)
   THEY WERE EXPENDABLE. (R)
   UP GOES MAISIE. (R)
   VACATION FROM MARRIAGE. (R)
   WEEK-END AT THE WALDORF. (R)
   WHAT NEXT CORPORAL HARGROVE. (R)
   WHERE TIME STANDS STILL. (R)
   WILD AND WOOLFY. (R)
   YOLANDA AND THE THIEF. (R)

 Los Angeles County Electrical Joint Apprenticeship & Education Training
    Committee.
   THE RISE AND FALL OF BERT HAWKINS.

 Los Angeles County Electrical Joint Apprenticeship & Education Training
    Committee. Electrical Training Trust.
   THE RISE AND FALL OF BERT HAWKINS.

 Low & Associates, Inc.
   MAKE YOUR OWN BIKINI.
   MAKE YOUR OWN DOUBLE-KNIT PANTS.
   MAKE YOUR OWN KNIT T-SHIRT.

 Lutheran Church in America. Board of Parish Education.
   DO YOU KNOW WHERE I’M GOING.


                                   M

 M & L Film Productions.
   A SKYWAYS ADVENTURE.

 MCA-TV.
   ADAM–12.
   IRONSIDE.
   MATT LINCOLN.

 MJE Corp. Knowledge Aid.
   SEE Knowledge Aid.

 MSJC Productions.
   COOLING SYSTEM SERVICE.
   ROUGHING AND ALIGNMENT.
   VALVE SERVICE: DISASSEMBLY AND INSPECTION PROCEDURES.
   VALVE SERVICE: FACING AND ROCKER ARM SERVICE.

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT SERIES.
   CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.
   EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.
   [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]
   FAMILY SERIES.
   GALAXIES.
   THE HAPPY LION AND THE BEAR.
   THE HAPPY LION’S QUEST.
   THE HAPPY LION’S TREASURE.
   HOLIDAY SERIES.
   HOME DECORATION SERIES.
   THE HUMANITIES: A SEARCH FOR MEANING.
   A LOOK AT CHEMICAL CHANGE.
   MAGNETS, MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY.
   ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.
   SCIENCE AND SOCIETY.
   THE SOLAR SYSTEM: ITS MOTIONS.
   THE SOLAR SYSTEM: MEASURING ITS DIMENSIONS.
   STARS.
   THE SUN.
   THE THREE HAPPY LIONS.
   WORDS AND SOUNDS.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   CHILD CARE AND DEVELOPMENT SERIES.
   CONSUMER EDUCATION SERIES.
   EARTH SCIENCE SERIES.
   [THE EARTH’S RESOURCES SERIES]
   FAMILY SERIES.
   GALAXIES.
   THE HAPPY LION AND THE BEAR.
   THE HAPPY LION’S QUEST.
   THE HAPPY LION’S TREASURE.
   HOLIDAY SERIES.
   HOME DECORATION SERIES.
   THE HUMANITIES: A SEARCH FOR MEANING.
   A LOOK AT CHEMICAL CHANGE.
   MAGNETS, MAGNETISM AND ELECTRICITY.
   ON OUR BLOCK SERIES.
   SCIENCE AND SOCIETY.
   THE SOLAR SYSTEM: ITS MOTIONS.
   THE SOLAR SYSTEM: MEASURING ITS DIMENSIONS.
   STARS.
   THE SUN.
   THE THREE HAPPY LIONS.
   WORDS AND SOUNDS.

 MacInnes, Helen.
   THE SALZBURG CONNECTION.

 MacKay, Nancy.
   TAT AND TOE’S TALE.

 McLaughlin, Roberta.
   NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN SONGS.

 MacLean, Alistair.
   PUPPET ON A CHAIN.

 Macmillan Co.
   THE EMERGENCE OF COMPLEX SOCIETIES.
   INVITACION AL MUNDO HISPANICO: UNO MODOS DE VIVIR.

 Macmillan Educational Services, Inc.
   DEVELOPING CHILDREN’S ORAL LANGUAGE: PRIMARY LEVELS.
   ORGANIZING INDEPENDENT LEARNING: PRIMARY LEVEL.

 Magalis, Elaine.
   THE MIGRANT WORKER.

 Maine Public Broadcasting Network, Orono.
   A NEW ENGLAND CHRISTMAS.

 Major News Library.
   PARAMOUNT NEWS. (R)

 Malpaso Co.
   JOE KIDD.
   PLAY MISTY FOR ME.

 Manhattan Productions, Inc.
   IT’S IN THE BAG. (R)

 Mantell, Marianne.
   WHAT IS POETRY.

 Marathon International Productions, Inc.
   EACH DAY AT DAWN.

 Marcom, Inc.
   TRAILERS AWAY.

 Mark VII, Ltd.
   ADAM–12.

 Market Publications, Inc. Media Productions.
   SEE Media Productions.

 Marketing Training Dept., Chrysler Institute.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Marlow, Paul T.
   THE BLUE ANGEL’S MOVIE.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   MECHANICAL SEAL INSTALLATION.

 Masefield, Joseph R.
   YOUR LIFE, YOUR SECURITY.

 Materials for Today’s Learning, Inc.
   FLYING KITES.
   SHAPE AND BAKE.
   SOIL MAKERS: BUGS, WORMS, AND TERMITES.
   STARFISH AND SEA ANEMONES.
   THE SURGING SURF.
   THEY ALL SWIM.
   TROPICAL FISHES.

 Maucker, Adele.
   YOUNG, SINGLE AND PREGNANT.

 Maucker, Robert.
   YOUNG, SINGLE AND PREGNANT.

 Medallion T.V. Enterprises, Inc.
   SUMMER STORM. (R)

 Media Productions.
   POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.

 Medow (Ireland) Ltd.
   PHILADELPHIA, HERE I COME.

 Memorial Enterprises.
   CHARLIE BUBBLES.

 Mendelson (Lee) Film Productions, Inc.
   SNOOPY, COME HOME.

 Meredith Corp.
   DIRECTIONS IN EDUCATION FOR NURSING THROUGH TECHNOLOGY.
   TOGETHER: FRED S. KELLER AND B. F. SKINNER.

 Meredith Corp. Appleton-Century-Crofts.
   SEE Appleton-Century-Crofts.

 Metcalfe Productions.
   ONCE UPON A RAINBOW.

 Methvin, Eugene.
   THE RIOT MAKERS.

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   ANCHORS AWEIGH. (R)
   BADMINTON. (R)
   THE BLACK BELLY OF THE TARANTULA.
   BUD ABBOTT AND LOU COSTELLO IN HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   BUS PESTS. (R)
   CHILDHOOD: THE ENCHANTED YEARS.
   THE COURTSHIP OF EDDIE’S FATHER.
   DANGEROUS PARTNERS. (R)
   DEAR MR. GABLE.
   ELVIS ON TOUR.
   FLIRTY BIRDY. (R)
   FOOTBALL THRILLS OF 1944. (R)
   GETTIN’ GLAMOR. (R)
   THE GOLDEN HUNCH. (R)
   THE GREAT AMERICAN MUG. (R)
   GUEST PESTS. (R)
   A GUN IN HIS HAND. (R)
   HER HIGHNESS AND THE BELLBOY. (R)
   THE HIDDEN EYE. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD: THE DREAM FACTORY.
   HORTON HEARS A WHO.
   IN SEARCH OF THE LOST WORLD.
   KANSAS CITY BOMBER.
   KIFARU: THE BLACK RHINOCEROS.
   A LETTER FOR EVIE. (R)
   MAGIC ON A STICK. (R)
   THE MAN HUNTERS.
   MELINDA.
   MERIDA AND CAMPECHE. (R)
   MODERN GUATEMALA CITY. (R)
   MOUSE IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   NIGHT OF THE LEPUS.
   ONCE BEFORE I DIE.
   OUR VINES HAVE TENDER GRAPES. (R)
   PEOPLE ON PAPER. (R)
   THE POGO SPECIAL BIRTHDAY SPECIAL.
   PURITY SQUAD. (R)
   QUIET PLEASE. (R)
   THE SAILOR TAKES A WIFE. (R)
   SAVAGE MESSIAH.
   SHAFT’S BIG SCORE.
   SHE WENT TO THE RACES. (R)
   SITTING TARGET.
   SKYJACKED.
   SPORTS STICKLERS. (R)
   SPREADIN’ THE JAM. (R)
   STAIRWAY TO LIGHT. (R)
   STRANGE DESTINY. (R)
   SWING SHIFT CINDERELLA. (R)
   TEE FOR TWO. (R)
   THEN CAME BRONSON.
   THEY ONLY KILL THEIR MASTERS.
   THEY WERE EXPENDABLE. (R)
   UP GOES MAISIE. (R)
   VACATION FROM MARRIAGE. (R)
   WEEK-END AT THE WALDORF. (R)
   WHAT NEXT CORPORAL HARGROVE. (R)
   WHERE TIME STANDS STILL. (R)
   WILD AND WOOLFY. (R)
   WILDFIRE.
   WOLVES AND THE WOLF MEN.
   THE WRATH OF GOD.
   YOLANDA AND THE THIEF. (R)

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television.
   CHILDHOOD: THE ENCHANTED YEARS.
   DEAR MR. GABLE.
   HORTON HEARS A WHO.
   IN SEARCH OF THE LOST WORLD.
   KIFARU: THE BLACK RHINOCEROS.
   THE MAN HUNTERS.
   ONCE BEFORE I DIE.
   THE POGO SPECIAL BIRTHDAY SPECIAL.
   THEN CAME BRONSON.
   WILDFIRE.
   WOLVES AND THE WOLF MEN.

 Metropolitan Applied Research Center, Inc.
   3, 4, OPEN THE DOOR.

 Michigan. Office of Criminal Justice Programs.
   YOUR SILENT PARTNER.

 Michigan. Organized Crime Prevention Council.
   YOUR SILENT PARTNER.

 Milbaker Productions.
   WHAT’S THE MATTER WITH ALICE.

 Milwaukee Journal Education Corp. Knowledge Aid.
   SEE Knowledge Aid.

 Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng.
   CROAKUS POCUS.
   FLIGHT TO THE FINISH.
   FROG JOG.
   SERAPE HAPPY.

 Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng.
   PINK 8 BALL.

 Mirisch Productions, Inc.
   THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN RIDE.

 Modern Talking Pictures Co.
   TRAILERS AWAY.

 Money Management Institute, Household Finance Corp.
   SEE Household Finance Corp. Money Management Institute.

 Monogram Pictures Corp.
   ALASKA. (R)
   ALLOTMENT WIVES. (R)
   ARMY WIVES. (R)
   BOWERY CHAMPS. (R)
   CHINA’S LITTLE DEVILS. (R)
   THE CISCO KID IN OLD NEW MEXICO. (R)
   THE CISCO KID RETURNS. (R)
   CRAZY KNIGHTS. (R)
   DILLINGER. (R)
   DIVORCE. (R)
   DOCKS OF NEW YORK. (R)
   FASHION MODEL. (R)
   FOREVER YOURS. (R)
   G. I. HONEYMOON. (R)
   GHOST GUNS. (R)
   GUN SMOKE. (R)
   THE JADE MASK. (R)
   LAW OF THE VALLEY. (R)
   NAVAJO TRAILS. (R)
   THE SCARLET CLUE. (R)
   SHADOW OF SUSPICION. (R)
   THE SHANGHAI COBRA. (R)
   SONG OF THE RANGE. (R)
   THE STRANGE MR. GREGORY. (R)
   STRANGER FROM SANTA FE. (R)
   THERE GOES KELLY. (R)
   TRIGGER LAW. (R)

 Monogram Pictures Corp.
   SEE ALSO Allied Artists Pictures Corp.

 Monroe Auto Equipment Co.
   QUALITY BUILT SHOCKS.

 Monroe-Williams Productions.
   THE HOPELESS.
   THE MATTER WITH ME.

 Morgan Crucible Co., Ltd.
   CARBON.

 Morrison, Alva.
   SEE Sunday River Productions.

 Motivision, Ltd.
   WHAT’S THE MATTER WITH ALICE.

 Motown Productions.
   LADY SINGS THE BLUES.

 Mt. San Jacinto College, Gilman Hot Springs, Calif.
   COOLING SYSTEM SERVICE.
   ROUGHING AND ALIGNMENT.
   VALVE SERVICE: DISASSEMBLY AND INSPECTION PROCEDURES.
   VALVE SERVICE: FACING AND ROCKER ARM SERVICE.
   VALVE SERVICE: SEATING & ASSEMBLY PROCEDURES.

 Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (Calif.)
   COOLING SYSTEM SERVICE.
   ROUGHING AND ALIGNMENT.
   VALVE SERVICE: DISASSEMBLY AND INSPECTION PROCEDURES.
   VALVE SERVICE: FACING AND ROCKER ARM SERVICE.
   VALVE SERVICE: SEATING & ASSEMBLY PROCEDURES.

 Moyer (Martin) Productions.
   DECORATIVE WOODS AND FUEL.
   NATIVE TRANSPLANTS AND CRUDE DRUGS.
   PERCEPTUAL MOVEMENTS AND ACTIVITIES.

 Mueller, F. Thomas.
   DRUG ABUSE, THE UNDERMINE OF OUR SOCIETY.

 Multimedia Education, Inc.
   PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.

 Murphy, J. Alton.
   FRANK ROUGHTON--A MAN POSSESSED.

 Murray Corp.
   THE CI NO-HUB SANITARY SYSTEM: HOW IT CAN HELP YOU.
   UNDERSTANDING AUTO AIR CONDITIONING.


                                   N

 NGC Television, Inc.
   THREE IS A FAMILY. (R)

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc.
   BONANZA.
   GROWING UP IN PRISON.
   NBC REPORTS.
   NBC WHITE PAPER.
   PAIN! WHERE DOES IT HURT MOST.

 National Chemsearch Corp.
   SS–25 MAINTENANCE SYSTEM.
   SELL WITH CONFIDENCE.

 National Council of Churches. Broadcasting & Film Commission.
   THE CROSS IN THE LOTUS.
   TAUW.

 National Education Institute.
   OPERATION: STREET ENCOUNTER.

 National General Pictures.
   THE REVENGERS.

 National General Pictures Corp.
   POCKET MONEY.
   SNOOPY, COME HOME.
   THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN.

 National Hockey League Services, Inc.
   THE RECORD BREAKERS.

 National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of the United States.
   GIVE ME THAT NEW TIME RELIGION.
   HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS, MY FRIEND.
   IT’S JUST THE BEGINNING.

 Natural Bridge Productions.
   IF YOU LABEL IT THIS, IT CAN’T BE THAT.

 Nelson Co.
   OPERATION: STREET ENCOUNTER.

 Nelson, Gaylord.
   POLLUTION: DON’T JUST STAND THERE--DO SOMETHING.

 New York Times Co.
   THE HURDLER.

 Newman-Foreman Co., Inc.
   SOMETIMES A GREAT NOTION.

 Noble & Noble, Publishers, Inc.
   FLYING KITES.
   SOIL MAKERS: BUGS, WORMS, AND TERMITES.
   STARFISH AND SEA ANEMONES.
   THE SURGING SURF.
   THEY ALL SWIM.
   TROPICAL FISHES.

 Nofal (Emil) Films.
   WILD SEASON.

 Noxon, Gerald F.
   PARALLEL ACTION.
   WHO IS THE CAMERA.


                                   O

 Obelisk Productions, Ltd.
   THREE.

 Office of Criminal Justice Programs, Michigan.
   SEE Michigan. Office of Criminal Justice Programs.

 O’Flaherty, Liam.
   LE PURITAIN (THE PURITAN)

 Ohio State University, Columbus. Dept. of Photography & Cinema.
   NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

 Ohio State University, Columbus. School of Nursing.
   NURSING TECHNIQUES FOR THE CARE OF PATIENTS WITH IMPAIRED VISION.

 Oldsmobile Div., General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.

 Organized Crime Prevention Council of Michigan.
   SEE Michigan. Organized Crime Prevention Council.

 Orten Associates.
   THE LAST REBEL.

 Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp.
   MODERN OBSTETRICS: PRE-ECLAMPSIA--ECLAMPSIA.

 Ortiz, Blanca.
   THE MAGICAL COQUI (EL COQUI MAGICO)


                                   P

 PMS Films, Inc.
   THE ANIMALS ARE CRYING.

 Pando Co., Inc.
   THE HIRED HAND.

 Paramount Pictures Corp.
   ACE HIGH.
   BAD COMPANY.
   BLACK BEAUTY.
   FOUR FLIES ON GREY VELVET.
   HANNIE CAULDER.
   LADY SINGS THE BLUES.
   THE LEGEND OF NIGGER CHARLEY.
   THE MAN.
   A SEPARATE PEACE.
   YOU CAME ALONG. (R)

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   DUFFY’S TAVERN. (R)
   FOR BETTER OR NURSE. (R)
   INCENDIARY BLONDE. (R)
   MESS PRODUCTION. (R)
   OUT OF THIS WORLD. (R)
   PARAMOUNT NEWS. (R)
   POP-PIE A LA MODE. (R)
   SHAPE AHOY. (R)
   SHE-SICK SAILORS. (R)
   TOPS IN THE BIG TOP. (R)

 Parme Productions.
   LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

 Penney (J. C.) Co., Inc.
   NEVER SAY NO, SAY CATALOG.

 Pennsylvania State University, University Park.
   THE LIVING FILTER.

 Pennsylvania State University, University Park. Dept. of Public
    Information.
   THE LIVING FILTER.

 Pfizer, Inc.
   [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Phoenix Productions.
   ME.
   THEY.

 Pickup, Gregory Vorster.
   TRICKS.

 Pioneer Girls.
   IDENTIFYING YOUTH’S VALUES.

 Play Schools Assn., Inc.
   PLAY IN THE HOSPITAL.

 Polaris Productions, Inc.
   A CLOCKWORK ORANGE.

 Polymorph Films, Inc.
   HOW TO MAKE A WOMAN.

 Popkin, Zelda.
   A DEATH OF INNOCENCE.

 Posner, Reiko Yamanouchi.
   AN ENCOUNTER WITH THE ART OF SERENITY.

 Potterton Productions, Inc.
   THE SELFISH GIANT.

 Price-Howard Productions.
   MACRAME.

 Probe Associates, Inc.
   OF QUEENS AND KINGS AND OTHER THINGS.

 Productions Artistiques Cinematographiques.
   THE BLACK BELLY OF THE TARANTULA.

 Project Concern, Inc.
   THE MANY FACES OF CONCERN.

 Pyramid Film Corp.
   SOLO.


                                   Q

 Q-ED Productions.
   LEARNING ABOUT ME.

 QM Productions.
   CANNON.
   DAN AUGUST.

 Quality Bakers of America.
   PATIO.
   TAILGATE PICNIC.
   TALKING LOAF.

 Quality Bakers of America Cooperative, Inc.
   [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Quicke, Ian.
   HANNIE CAULDER.


                                   R

 R A Films, Inc.
   FLYAWAY.

 RKO General, Inc.
   BACK TO BATAAN. (R)
   CHINA SKY. (R)
   THE FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO. (R)
   GEORGE WHITE’S SCANDALS. (R)
   JOHNNY ANGEL. (R)
   MAMA LOVES PAPA. (R)
   RADIO STARS ON PARADE. (R)
   THOSE ENDEARING YOUNG CHARMS. (R)
   WEST OF THE PECOS. (R)

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   BACK TO BATAAN. (R)
   CHINA SKY. (R)
   THE FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO. (R)
   GEORGE WHITE’S SCANDALS. (R)
   JOHNNY ANGEL. (R)
   MAMA LOVES PAPA. (R)
   RADIO STARS ON PARADE. (R)
   THOSE ENDEARING YOUNG CHARMS. (R)
   WEST OF THE PECOS. (R)

 RM, Inc.
   THE RIOT MAKERS.

 Radio-TV Commission, Southern Baptist Convention.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Radio-TV Commission.

 Ramsgate Films.
   NOBODY’S VICTIM.

 Rand Corp.
   STUDY OF PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING: REPORT BY POLLY CARPENTER.

 Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
   A CANTERBURY TALE. (R)
   DON’T TAKE IT TO HEART. (R)
   HER MAN GILBEY. (R)
   KING HENRY THE FIFTH. (R)
   MR. EMMANUEL. (R)
   A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN. (R)
   TWO THOUSAND WOMEN. (R)
   WATERLOO ROAD. (R)

 Rank Organisation.
   TWO THOUSAND WOMEN.

 Rastar Productions, Inc.
   FAT CITY.

 Readers Digest Assn., Inc.
   THE SELFISH GIANT.

 Rediscovery Productions.
   THE HURDLER.

 Reel Communications.
   AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

 Regal Beloit.
   WHY METRICS.

 Regional Film Distributors, Inc.
   CHARLIE BUBBLES.

 Reitler, Henry L.
   TELEVISION AID TO AIRCRAFT INSTRUMENT LANDING.

 Reitman, Ben L.
   BOXCAR BERTHA.

 Reliance Electric Co.
   MODEL 1080 SPEED CHECK.
   [SENTINEL II CYLINDER SCALE MODEL 1361]
   [SERIES 1100 DUO PENDULUM SCALES]

 Rem-Benchmark Productions.
   THE OTHER.

 Research & Development Laboratory, International Consumer Products
    Group.
   SEE International Consumer Products Group. Research & Development
      Laboratory.

 Reuben, David.
   EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT SEX, BUT WERE AFRAID TO
      ASK.

 Review Educational Films, Inc.
   DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 2–8.
   EXTENDING THE DIVISION ALGORISM.
   INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 4.

 Richard, Bob.
   HANNIE CAULDER.

 Rios, Terre.
   THE FLYING NUN.

 Rizzolie Films.
   LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

 Roach (Hal) Studios International.
   THE GROUNDSTAR CONSPIRACY.

 Robinson, Budd.
   WHERE DOES IT HURT.

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   LE PURITAIN (THE PURITAN)

 Roncom Films, Inc.
   STRATEGY OF TERROR.

 Rosencrans, Leo S.
   THE LEGEND OF AMALUK.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   CHRYSLER-FURY-SATELLITE WAGONS FOR ’73.
   CRICKET AND COLT CARBURETORS.
   ELECTRIC DOOR AND TAILGATE LOCKS AND ELECTRIC WINDOWS.
   EXTRA CARE IN ENGINEERING.
   1975 CHRYSLER.
   1973 CLEANER AIR SYSTEM HIGHLIGHTS.
   1973 CORONET & CORONET WAGON.
   THE 1973 DODGE CHARGER.
   THE 1973 DODGE DART.
   THE 1973 1 1/4″ BBD CARBURETOR.
   THE 1973 PLYMOUTH FURY.
   1973 PLYMOUTH SATELLITE: COMING THROUGH.
   1973 PLYMOUTH, VALIANT, DUSTER, BARRACUDA.
   1973 POLARA AND MONACO.
   1973 WARRANTY INFORMATION.
   PROSPECTING OUT BACK BUILDS BUSINESS UP FRONT.
   SELLING IN TODAY’S MARKET.
   THE ’73 DODGE TRUCK.
   SPEED CONTROL & CONCEALED HEADLIGHTS.
   TODAY’S TIRES, FACTS AND FIXES.
   USE THE PRODUCT TO HELP SELL YOURSELF.
   YOU CAN’T BEAT THE BASICS.

 Royal Bank of Canada.
   BUDGETING’S FOR THE BIRDS.
   CHARGE, SAID MR. CROSS.
   HOW TO GET MONEY FROM A BANK.
   IT’S NOT ALL MAGIC, MR. MARKS.
   MORE THAN A MATTER OF MONEY.

 Rubin, Mark.
   EVEN YELLOW CARS HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE.
   LITTLE LOU AND HIS STRANGE LITTLE ZOO.
   PACO AND HIS PAINTING PALS.
   TOO, TOO, TOO HOT.

 Russ-Arts, Ltd.
   SAVAGE MESSIAH.


                                   S

 San Antonio Independent School District.
   COMPARISONS OF ADJECTIVES AND ADVERBS.
   CUANDO HACES ALGO BUENO.
   THE /d/ SOUND.
   FIESTA.
   THE FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL.
   FRIENDS.
   HOW DO WE LOOK.
   THE PAST TENSE.
   PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS.
   PRONOMBRES COMPLEMENTARIOS.
   EL SUBJUNTIVO PRESENTE.
   THE /vs/ SOUND.

 San Marco, S.P.A.
   ACE HIGH.

 Sanderson Films, Inc.
   WHY AVIATION AEROSPACE EDUCATION.

 Sargent, Robert.
   DISCOVERY STORIES.

 Saunders (W. B.) Co.
   AUDIOVISUAL LECTURES IN BIOLOGY.

 Schneiderman, Della Z.
   THE OPEN CLASSROOM: THREE CASE STUDIES.

 School Health Division of the American Assn. for Health, Physical
    Education & Recreation.
   SEE American Assn. for Health, Physical Education & Recreation.
      School Health Division.

 School of Nursing, Ohio State University.
   SEE Ohio State University, Columbus. School of Nursing.

 Schulberg, Lucille.
   WHAT IS POETRY.

 Sciascia, Leonardo.
   MAFIA.

 Scotia International Film Distributors, Ltd.
   CAPTAIN APACHE.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   BOBBY SOCKS. (R)
   CARNIVAL COURAGE. (R)
   FIESTA TIME. (R)
   THE FLYING NUN.
   GOOFY NEWS VIEWS. (R)
   HOT FOOT LIGHTS. (R)
   KU-KU-NUTS. (R)
   PHONY BALONEY. (R)
   RIPPLING ROMANCE. (R)
   SIMPLE SIREN. (R)
   TREASURE JEST. (R)

 Seda Spettacoli, S.P.A.
   FOUR FLIES ON GREY VELVET.

 Selco, Inc.
   LOVE’S BEAUTIFUL MOMENTS.

 Selman, Robert.
   BUT IT ISN’T YOURS.
   WHAT DO YOU DO ABOUT RULES.

 Sewell, Anna.
   BLACK BEAUTY.

 Shaffer, Peter.
   THE PUBLIC EYE.

 Shaft Productions, Ltd.
   SHAFT’S BIG SCORE.

 Shaftel (Josef) Films, Inc.
   WHERE DOES IT HURT.

 Shana Corp.
   YOUR SILENT PARTNER.

 Shaw, Irwin.
   THREE.

 Sherman, Gregory Reid.
   TRICKS.

 Sierra Club.
   CALIFORNIA’S COAST, THE SUNSET SHORE.
   STAR SPANGLED BANNER.

 Silver Burdett Co.
   JAMES HOUSTON: THE VISION BEYOND THE MASK.
   WALTER D. EDMONDS: THE PRESENCE OF THE PAST.

 Simar Films.
   LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

 Singer Co.
   HOW TO OPERATE YOUR MEMO-MATIC KNITTING MACHINE FROM SINGER.

 Sitwell, Osbert.
   A PLACE OF ONE’S OWN.

 Siwek, Henry.
   THE MAGICAL COQUI (EL COQUI MAGICO)

 Skinner, Burrhus Frederic.
   TOGETHER: FRED S. KELLER AND B. F. SKINNER.

 Slayden (James) Associates.
   MY FRANKENMUTH.

 Small (Edward) Productions, Inc.
   BREWSTER’S MILLIONS. (R)
   GETTING GERTIE’S GARTER. (R)

 Smith, Sally L.
   DEVELOPING READING READINESS PROGRAMS.
   PROGRAMMING FOR SUCCESS: THE TEACHER AS CLUB LEADER.
   TEACHING HISTORY, GEOGRAPHY, CIVICS.

 Society for Visual Education.
   SPACE.
   SPORTS.
   STRANGE PHENOMENA.

 Society for Visual Education, Inc.
   PHONICS: INITIAL CONSONANT SOUNDS.
   THE SOUND FILMSTRIP, A KEY TO LEARNING.
   THE WORLD OF THE CIRCUS.

 Sopwith Productions, Inc.
   SNOOPY COME HOME.

 Southern Baptist Convention. Home Mission Board.
   CHURCHES AND HOW THEY GROW.
   INTERFAITH WITNESS.
   MEETING THE AMERICAN JEW.
   WE HAVE TO FIND A WAY.
   WHAT IS YOUR MISSION FIELD.
   WORLD RELIGIONS IN THE NEW WORLD.
   YOUTH EVANGELISM.

 Southern Baptist Convention. Radio-TV Commission.
   SASH.

 Southern Star Productions.
   DEAR DEAD DELILAH.

 Southwood Productions.
   ELECTED.

 Spangler & Sons Pictures, Ltd.
   THE LEGEND OF NIGGER CHARLEY.

 Spangler, Larry G.
   THE LEGEND OF NIGGER CHARLEY.

 Spangler Pictures, Ltd.
   THE LAST REBEL.

 Spearman, Cecile.
   JOB HUNTING: WHERE TO BEGIN.
   PEOPLE WHO HELP OTHERS.
   PEOPLE WHO WORK IN SCIENCE.

 Spectra Pictures Corp.
   THE MAN CALLED EDISON.

 Spencer, Alan.
   OLD GLORY MARCHING SOCIETY.

 Spree, Lothar.
   RUBBISH, GARBAGE AND OTHER TRASH.

 Stanford Research Institute, Menlo Park, Calif.
   SHAKEY: AN EXPERIMENT IN ROBOT PLANNING AND LEARNING.

 Stanford University.
   STAR SPANGLED BANNER.

 Stanley Works. Stanley Tools Educational Dept.
   THE METRIC SYSTEM.

 Starr, Cecile.
   A TALK WITH CARMEN D’AVINO.

 Sterling Educational Films.
   THE MAN CALLED EDISON.

 Stock, F. Patricia.
   NOBODY’S VICTIM.

 Stouffer, Marty.
   BIGHORN.

 Street, James.
   THE BISCUIT EATER.

 Strong, Arline.
   A CRACK IN THE PAVEMENT.

 Stuarti, Enzo.
   TAYLOR WINES.

 Studio Seven.
   YOUR LAND IS OUR LAND.

 Sulzberger, Marion B.
   INDICATIONS FOR PHOTOPATCH TESTING.
   PHOTOPATCH TESTING AS AN OFFICE PROCEDURE.

 Sulzberger, Roberta Z.
   INDICATIONS FOR PHOTOPATCH TESTING.
   PHOTOPATCH TESTING AS AN OFFICE PROCEDURE.

 Sunday River Productions.
   CLOSE TO ZERO.
   DOUBLE HEADING IN THE SMOKIES.

 Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.
   COMPARISONS OF ADJECTIVES AND ADVERBS.
   CUANDO HACES ALGO BUENO.
   THE /d/ SOUND.
   FIESTA.
   THE FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL.
   FRIENDS.
   HOW DO WE LOOK.
   THE PAST TENSE.
   PRODUCCION DE PALABRAS.
   PRONOMBRES COMPLEMENTARIOS.
   EL SUBJUNTIVO PRESENTE.
   THE /š/ SOUND.

 Swerdlow, Robert M.
   AN INTRODUCTION TO AMERICAN INDUSTRY.
   ORGANIZING A STUDENT ENTERPRISE.


                                   T

 Tatham-Laird & Kudner, Inc.
   LOOK UNDER THE RUG.

 Taylor-Merchant Corp.
   WATER DESTRUCTION.

 Teaching Films, Inc.
   MOVEMENTS OF THE JAW & THROAT: BRANCHIAL MOTOR SYSTEM.
   VISCERAL REFLEXES AND TASTE: VISCERAL MOTOR AND SENSORY COMPONENTS.

 Teaching Resources Corp.
   ASSOCIATION AND GENERALIZATION.
   BASIC VISUAL PERCEPTIONS: COLOR, FORM, SIZE.
   BODY AWARENESS AND GROSS MOTOR ABILITIES.
   DEVELOPING CONCEPTS FOR NUMBER.
   DEVELOPING CONCEPTS FOR SETS.
   EYE-HAND COORDINATION.
   FIGURE-GROUND DISCRIMINATION.
   MEMORY: AUDITORY AND VISUAL.
   ORGANIZATION.
   PERCEPTION OF PARTS-TO-WHOLE RELATIONSHIPS.
   PERCEPTION OF SEQUENCE.
   PERCEPTION OF SOUND.
   PERCEPTION OF SPATIAL RELATIONSHIPS.
   PRE-WRITING PENCIL AND PAPER SKILLS.

 Teaching Resources Development Center.
   SPACE.
   SPORTS.
   STRANGE PHENOMENA.

 Teletape Corp.
   PRODUCT SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION: DERMATOLOGY.
   SALES ORIENTATION.
   THE URINARY TRACT.

 Teletape Detroit.
   WALTER.

 Terrytoons, Inc.
   ANTS IN YOUR PANTRY. (R)
   CARMEN’S VERANDA. (R)
   THE CAT CAME BACK. (R)
   DEAR OLD SWITZERLAND. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN FISHERMAN’S LUCK. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN MOTHER GOOSE NIGHTMARE. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN POST WAR INVENTIONS. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN THE GHOST TOWN. (R)
   GANDY’S DREAM GIRL. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE KILKENNY CATS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE PIRATES. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE TWO BARBERS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AT THE CIRCUS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN RAIDING THE RAIDERS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE PORT OF MISSING MICE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE SILVER STREAK. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE SULTAN’S BIRTHDAY. (R)
   SMOKY JOE. (R)
   A WOLF’S TALE. (R)

 Thompson (Francis) Inc.
   LIGHT, STRONG AND BEAUTIFUL.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   EXPERIMENTAL AIRCRAFT: AIRPLANES, 1919–1930.
   SOLAR ACTIVITY II: LARGE SCALE.
   WATER DROPLET COHESION.

 3M Co.
   PUMPKIN PEOPLE.

 Thurber, James.
   THE WAR BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN.

 Tidyman, Ernest.
   SHAFT’S BIG SCORE.

 Tigon British Film Productions, Ltd.
   BLACK BEAUTY.
   HANNIE CAULDER.

 Toledo Scale. Training Dept.
   MODEL 1080 SPEED CHECK.

 Toledo Scale. Training Dept.
   SEE Toledo Scale Co. Training Dept.

 Toledo Scale Co. Training Dept.
   [SENTINEL II CYLINDER SCALE MODEL 1361]
   [SERIES 1100 DUO PENDULUM SCALES]

 Troll Associates.
   CLASSROOM JOURNEYS.
   CLASSROOM NATURE ACTIVITIES.
   DISCOVERING NEW WORDS.
   DOLLARS AND SENSE.
   HUMAN BODY AND HOW IT WORKS.
   LIFE IN THE EARLY AMERICAN COLONIES.
   SIGHTS AND SOUNDS.
   TAKING A GOOD LOOK AT SCIENCE.

 Tryon, Thomas.
   THE OTHER.

 Turner (Glenn W.) Enterprises, Inc.
   AN APPEAL TO GREATNESS.
   COUNTDOWN TO GREATNESS.
   A NOT SO IMPOSSIBLE DREAM.
   PORTRAIT OF A LEADER.
   UNDERSTANDING PEOPLE--AND ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
   ALASKAN GRANDEUR. (R)
   A BELL FOR ADANO. (R)
   BLINDMAN.
   THE BULLFIGHTERS. (R)
   CANYONS OF THE SUN. (R)
   THE CARIBBEAN MYSTERY. (R)
   CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE. (R)
   THE CONCERT FOR BANGLADESH.
   THE CULPEPPER CATTLE CO.
   DO YOU REMEMBER. (R)
   DON JUAN QUILLIGAN. (R)
   DOWN THE FAIRWAY. (R)
   EMPIRE STATE. (R)
   HANGOVER SQUARE. (R)
   THE HOT ROCK.
   ISLE OF ROMANCE. (R)
   JUNIOR MISS. (R)
   LAND OF 10,000 LAKES. (R)
   MADE FOR EACH OTHER.
   MEMORIES OF COLUMBUS. (R)
   NOB HILL. (R)
   NOVA SCOTIA. (R)
   THE OTHER.
   A ROYAL SCANDAL. (R)
   THE SALZBURG CONNECTION.
   SIKHS OF PATIALA. (R)
   STEPPIN’ PRETTY. (R)
   THUNDERHEAD. (R)
   A TREE GROWS IN BROOKLYN. (R)
   WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE. (R)
   WITHIN THESE WALLS. (R)

 Two Cities Films, Ltd.
   KING HENRY THE FIFTH.
   KING HENRY THE FIFTH. (R)


                                   U

 Ungerer, Tomi.
   THE THREE ROBBERS.

 United Air Lines, Inc.
   YOUR LAND IS OUR LAND.

 United Artists Corp.
   BELLE OF THE YUKON. (R)
   CAMERA BUG.
   CRASH.
   CROAKUS POCUS.
   EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT SEX, BUT WERE AFRAID TO
      ASK.
   FLIGHT TO THE FINISH.
   FROG JOG.
   HAMMER.
   HICKEY & BOGGS.
   HISS AND HERS.
   LADY LIBERTY.
   LAKE KONSTANZ KALEIDOSCOPE.
   LOVE AND HISSES.
   THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN RIDE.
   THE MECHANIC.
   MONEY TALKS.
   NIPPON TUCK.
   PINK 8 BALL.
   PULP.
   PUNCH AND JUDO.
   SERAPE HAPPY.
   SOLO.
   SUPERBEAST.
   SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL SERPENT.
   THREE.
   WOMAN IN THE WINDOW. (R)

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   AINT THAT DUCKY. (R)
   ALL STAR MUSICAL REVUE. (R)
   ALLOTMENT WIVES. (R)
   AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL. (R)
   BAHAMA SEA SPORTS. (R)
   BANDS ACROSS THE SEA. (R)
   BARBER SHOP BALLADS. (R)
   BASHFUL BUZZARD. (R)
   BEHIND THE MEAT-BALL. (R)
   BELLE OF THE YUKON. (R)
   BIKES AND SKIS. (R)
   THE BIRDS AND THE BEASTS WERE THERE. (R)
   BOOBY HATCHED. (R)
   CALIFORNIA HERE WE ARE. (R)
   CASANOVA BROWN. (R)
   CHAMPIONS OF THE FUTURE. (R)
   CHRISTMAS IN CONNECTICUT. (R)
   CIRCUS BAND. (R)
   CONEY ISLAND HONEYMOON. (R)
   CONFIDENTIAL AGENT. (R)
   CONFLICT. (R)
   CONGO. (R)
   THE CORN IS GREEN. (R)
   CUBA CALLING. (R)
   DIVORCE. (R)
   THE DOUGHGIRLS. (R)
   DRAFTEE DAFFY. (R)
   ESCAPE IN THE DESERT. (R)
   FASHION MODEL. (R)
   FLIVVER FLYING. (R)
   FOR BETTER OR NURSE. (R)
   FRESH AIRDALE. (R)
   GLAMOUR IN SPORTS. (R)
   GOD IS MY CO-PILOT. (R)
   GRUESOME TWOSOME. (R)
   HARE CONDITIONED. (R)
   HARE TRIGGER. (R)
   HARRY OWENS AND HIS ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHESTRA. (R)
   HERE COME THE NAVY BANDS. (R)
   HERR MEETS HARE. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD CANTEEN. (R)
   HORN BLOWS AT MIDNIGHT. (R)
   HOTEL BERLIN. (R)
   I AM AN AMERICAN. (R)
   I WON’T PLAY. (R)
   THE JADE MASK. (R)
   JAMMIN THE BLUES. (R)
   LAW OF THE BADLANDS. (R)
   LEARN AND LIVE. (R)
   LET’S GO FISHING. (R)
   LIFE WITH FEATHERS. (R)
   LISTEN TO THE BANDS. (R)
   MESS PRODUCTION. (R)
   MEXICAN SEA SPORTS. (R)
   MUSICAL MEXICO. (R)
   MUSICAL NOVELTIES. (R)
   NAUTICAL BUT NICE. (R)
   NAVY NURSE. (R)
   OBJECTIVE BURMA. (R)
   THE ODOR-ABLE KITTY. (R)
   THE OLD GREY HARE. (R)
   OUTDOOR LIVING. (R)
   OVERSEAS ROUNDUP. (R)
   PECK UP YOUR TROUBLES. (R)
   PILLOW TO POST. (R)
   PLANTATION MELODIES. (R)
   PLEDGE TO BATAAN. (R)
   POP-PIE A LA MODE. (R)
   PRIDE OF THE MARINES. (R)
   RHAPSODY IN BLUE. (R)
   RHYTHM OF THE RHUMBA. (R)
   ROUGHLY SPEAKING. (R)
   THE SCARLET CLUE. (R)
   SHADOW OF SUSPICION. (R)
   THE SHANGHAI COBRA. (R)
   SHAPE AHOY. (R)
   SHE-SICK SAILORS. (R)
   SONNY DUNHAM AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   SPADE COOLEY, KING OF WESTERN SWING. (R)
   SPORTS GO TO WAR. (R)
   STAGE DOOR CARTOON. (R)
   STAR IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   THE STRANGE MR. GREGORY. (R)
   THE STUPID CUPID. (R)
   SWIMCAPADES. (R)
   TALE OF TWO MICE. (R)
   THERE GOES KELLY. (R)
   TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT. (R)
   TOPS IN THE BIG TOP. (R)
   TRAP HAPPY PORKY. (R)
   UNRULY HARE. (R)
   THE VERY THOUGHT OF YOU. (R)
   WAGON HEELS. (R)
   WATER BABIES. (R)
   WOMAN IN THE WINDOW. (R)
   YANKEE DOODLE’S DAUGHTERS. (R)

 United Auto Workers. International Union.
   WALTER.

 United Safety Services.
   ON SITE SAFETY MEETINGS.

 U.S. Dept. of Health, Education & Welfare.
   STUDY OF PERFORMANCE CONTRACTING: REPORT BY POLLY CARPENTER.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   MATT LINCOLN.

 Universal Pictures.
   ALL HAMS ON DECK.
   ARTISTRY IN RHYTHM. (R)
   AUTHOR IN BABYLAND. (R)
   BAD MEN OF THE BORDER. (R)
   THE BEAUTIFUL CHEAT. (R)
   BLONDE RANSOM. (R)
   BROADWAY FARMER. (R)
   THE BUNGLING BUILDER.
   BUSTER’S LAST STAND.
   THE CHAMPAGNE MURDERS.
   CHARLIE IN HOT WATER.
   CHARLIE’S GOLF CLASSIC.
   CHEW CHEW BABY. (R)
   CHILLY’S COLD WAR.
   CHILLY’S ICE FOLLY.
   CODE TO THE LAWLESS. (R)
   COO COO NUTS.
   THE CRIMSON CANARY. (R)
   CUBAN MADNESS. (R)
   THE DIPPY DIPLOMAT. (R)
   DREAMS OF GLASS.
   EASY TO LOOK AT. (R)
   FLIM FLAM FOUNTAIN.
   FRENZY.
   FRISCO SAL. (R)
   FRONT LINE ARTISTS. (R)
   GABRIEL HEATTER REPORTING. (R)
   GO NORTH. (R)
   A GOONEY IS BORN.
   GOONEY’S GOOFY LANDINGS.
   THE GREAT NORTHFIELD MINNESOTA RAID.
   THE GROUNDSTAR CONSPIRACY.
   HER LUCKY NIGHT. (R)
   HERE COME THE CO-EDS. (R)
   HI-RISE WISE GUYS.
   HILLBILLY ARTIST. (R)
   THE HIRED HAND.
   HONEYMOON AHEAD. (R)
   HOT AND HECTIC. (R)
   I’LL TELL THE WORLD. (R)
   JOE KIDD.
   KANINE ARISTOCRATS. (R)
   KITTY FROM THE CITY.
   LADY ON A TRAIN. (R)
   THE LAST MOVIE.
   MEN IN HER DIARY. (R)
   MINNIE AND MOSKOWITZ.
   THE NAUGHTY NINETIES. (R)
   ON STAGE EVERYBODY. (R)
   THE PAINTER AND THE POINTER. (R)
   PAPER MAGIC. (R)
   PILLOW OF DEATH. (R)
   PLAY MISTY FOR ME.
   POTTERY POETS. (R)
   THE PUBLIC EYE.
   PURSUIT TO ALGIERS. (R)
   RIVER GANG. (R)
   ROCKABYE RHYTHM. (R)
   SCHOOL FOR MERMAIDS. (R)
   SENORITA FROM THE WEST. (R)
   SHADY LADY. (R)
   SHANGHAI WOODY.
   SHE GETS HER MAN. (R)
   SHOOT OUT.
   SILENT RUNNING.
   SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE.
   SLEEPY TIME CHIMES.
   SLIPHORN KING OF POLAROO. (R)
   THE SNOOZIN’ BRUIN.
   SOLID SENDERS. (R)
   SOMETIMES A GREAT NOTION.
   SONG OF THE SARONG. (R)
   STRANGE CONFESSION. (R)
   STRATEGY OF TERROR.
   SUDAN. (R)
   THE SUSPECT. (R)
   SWING OUT SISTER. (R)
   SWING SERENADE. (R)
   SYNCO-SMOOTH SWING. (R)
   TE QUIERO PARA MI. (R)
   THAT NIGHT WITH YOU. (R)
   THAT’S THE SPIRIT. (R)
   THIS LOVE OF OURS. (R)
   TIN PAN ALLEY TEMPOS. (R)
   TRAIL TO VENGEANCE. (R)
   TWO LANE BLACKTOP.
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   VICTORY BOUND. (R)
   VILLAGE OF THE PAST. (R)
   WAIKIKI MELODY. (R)
   WILD SEASON.
   WINGMEN OF TOMORROW. (R)
   WOODY WOODPECKER IN WOODY DINES OUT. (R)
   WOODY’S MAGIC TOUCH.

 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
   ARTISTRY IN RHYTHM. (R)
   AUTHOR IN BABYLAND. (R)
   BAD MEN OF THE BORDER. (R)
   THE BEAUTIFUL CHEAT. (R)
   BLONDE RANSOM. (R)
   BROADWAY FARMER. (R)
   CHEW CHEW BABY. (R)
   CODE TO THE LAWLESS. (R)
   THE CRIMSON CANARY. (R)
   CUBAN MADNESS. (R)
   THE DIPPY DIPLOMAT. (R)
   EASY TO LOOK AT. (R)
   FRISCO SAL. (R)
   FRONT LINE ARTISTS. (R)
   GABRIEL HEATTER REPORTING. (R)
   GO NORTH. (R)
   HER LUCKY NIGHT. (R)
   HERE COME THE CO-EDS. (R)
   HILLBILLY ARTIST. (R)
   HONEYMOON AHEAD. (R)
   HOT AND HECTIC. (R)
   I’LL TELL THE WORLD. (R)
   KANINE ARISTOCRATS. (R)
   LADY ON A TRAIN. (R)
   MEN IN HER DIARY. (R)
   MYSTERY OF THE RIVER BOAT. (R)
   THE NAUGHTY NINETIES. (R)
   ON STAGE EVERYBODY. (R)
   THE PAINTER AND THE POINTER. (R)
   PAPER MAGIC. (R)
   PILLOW OF DEATH. (R)
   POTTERY POETS. (R)
   PURSUIT TO ALGIERS. (R)
   RIVER GANG. (R)
   ROCKABYE RHYTHM. (R)
   SCHOOL FOR MERMAIDS. (R)
   SENORITA FROM THE WEST. (R)
   SHADY LADY. (R)
   SHE GETS HER MAN. (R)
   SLIPHORN KING OF POLAROO. (R)
   SOLID SENDERS. (R)
   SONG OF THE SARONG. (R)
   STRANGE CONFESSION. (R)
   SUDAN. (R)
   THE SUSPECT. (R)
   SWING OUT SISTER. (R)
   SWING SERENADE. (R)
   SYNCO-SMOOTH SWING. (R)
   THAT NIGHT WITH YOU. (R)
   THAT’S THE SPIRIT. (R)
   THIS LOVE OF OURS. (R)
   TIN PAN ALLEY TEMPOS. (R)
   TRAIL TO VENGEANCE. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   VICTORY BOUND. (R)
   VILLAGE OF THE PAST. (R)
   WAIKIKI MELODY. (R)
   WINGMEN OF TOMORROW. (R)
   WOODY WOODPECKER IN WOODY DINES OUT. (R)

 Universal Pictures, Inc.
   CROW CRAZY. (R)

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   CHARLIE BUBBLES.
   FRENZY.
   MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS.
   THE PUBLIC EYE.
   A TEST OF VIOLENCE.

 Universal Productions France.
   FOUR FLIES ON GREY VELVET.

 Universal Productions France, S.A.R.L.
   THE CHAMPAGNE MURDERS.

 University Films.
   FAMILY SERIES.
   THE HAPPY LION AND THE BEAR.
   THE HAPPY LION’S QUEST.
   THE HAPPY LION’S TREASURE.
   HOLIDAY SERIES.
   HOME DECORATION SERIES.
   THE THREE HAPPY LIONS.
   WORDS AND SOUNDS.

 University of California, Berkeley. Extension Media Center.
   THE EXPERIMENTAL CONDITIONS.

 University of California. Regents.
   THE EXPERIMENTAL CONDITIONS.

 University of Florida, Gainesville. Dept. of Medical Illustration.
   FIRST, A CHILD.

 University of Minnesota, Minneapolis.
   MULTIPLE SLIT INTERFERENCE.

 University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Agricultural Engineering Dept.
   DIESEL DECISIONS.

 University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Cooperative Extension Service.
   DIESEL DECISIONS.

 University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Information Dept.
   DIESEL DECISIONS.

 University of Texas. School of Public Health, Houston.
   I AIN’T GOIN’ BACK.

 University of Wisconsin, Madison. University Extension. Dept. of
    Photography--Cinema.
   WHY METRICS.

 University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee. Instructional Media Laboratory.
   CONVERSATION.

 University of Wisconsin. Regents.
   CONVERSATION.

 Urban Media Materials, Inc.
   THE ALPHABET CITY.
   DID YOU KNOW.
   DISCOVERY STORIES.
   EVEN YELLOW CARS HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE.
   HOLIDAYS AND FESTIVALS IN THE CITY.
   I CAN READ SIGNS.
   THE ISLAND OF PUERTO RICO.
   LITTLE LOU AND HIS STRANGE LITTLE ZOO.
   THE MAGICAL COQUI (EL COQUI MAGICO)
   PACO AND HIS PAINTING PALS.
   PEOPLE OF THE CARIBBEAN.
   PEOPLE OF THE CITY.
   PEOPLE WHO MAKE A CITY.
   THE PRICE IS RIGHT--OR IS IT.
   STORY OF A GREAT CITY: NEW YORK.
   TOO, TOO, TOO HOT.
   THE WHYS AND HOWS OF STUDENT FILMMAKING.

 Utopia Productions, Inc.
   BLACK RODEO.


                                   V

 Valoria Films.
   LAST KNOWN ADDRESS.

 Vanadas Productions, Inc.
   SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE.

 Van Bernard Productions, Inc.
   THE RED SKELTON SHOW.

 Vanguard Films, Inc.
   I’LL BE SEEING YOU. (R)
   SINCE YOU WENT AWAY. (R)

 Viacom International, Inc.
   ANTS IN YOUR PANTRY. (R)
   CARMEN’S VERANDA. (R)
   THE CAT CAME BACK. (R)
   DEAR OLD SWITZERLAND. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN FISHERMAN’S LUCK. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN MOTHER GOOSE NIGHTMARE. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN POST WAR INVENTIONS. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN THE GHOST TOWN. (R)
   GANDY’S DREAM GIRL. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE KILKENNY CATS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE PIRATES. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE TWO BARBERS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AT THE CIRCUS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN RAIDING THE RAIDERS. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE PORT OF MISSING MICE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE SILVER STREAK. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN THE SULTAN’S BIRTHDAY. (R)
   SMOKY JOE. (R)
   A WOLF’S TALE. (R)

 Video Films, Inc.
   ROUTE TO THE ROAD.

 Vides Cinematografica.
   THE BURGLARS.
   LE CASSE.

 Viking Sewing Machine Co., Inc.
   MAKE YOUR OWN BIKINI.
   MAKE YOUR OWN DOUBLE-KNIT PANTS.
   MAKE YOUR OWN KNIT T-SHIRT.

 Villee, Claude A.
   AUDIOVISUAL LECTURES IN BIOLOGY.

 Vista Productions, Inc.
   ON SITE SAFETY MEETINGS.
   RX FOR DOCTORS ONLY.

 Visual Aids Studio.
   FASHION, A VISUAL HISTORY.
   FASHION AND YOU.

 Visual Instruction Productions.
   THE METRIC SYSTEM.

 Vitaphone Corp.
   AINT THAT DUCKY. (R)
   ALL STAR MUSICAL REVUE. (R)
   AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL. (R)
   BAHAMA SEA SPORTS. (R)
   BANDS ACROSS THE SEA. (R)
   BARBER SHOP BALLADS. (R)
   BASHFUL BUZZARD. (R)
   BEHIND THE MEAT-BALL. (R)
   BIKES AND SKIS. (R)
   THE BIRDS AND THE BEASTS WERE THERE. (R)
   BOOBY HATCHED. (R)
   CALIFORNIA HERE WE ARE. (R)
   CIRCUS BAND. (R)
   CONEY ISLAND HONEYMOON. (R)
   CONGO. (R)
   CUBA CALLING. (R)
   DRAFTEE DAFFY. (R)
   FLIVVER FLYING. (R)
   FRESH AIRDALE. (R)
   GLAMOUR IN SPORTS. (R)
   GRUESOME TWOSOME. (R)
   HARE CONDITIONED. (R)
   HARE TRIGGER. (R)
   HERE COME THE NAVY BANDS. (R)
   HERR MEETS HARE. (R)
   JAMMIN THE BLUES. (R)
   LAW OF THE BADLANDS. (R)
   LEARN AND LIVE. (R)
   LIFE WITH FEATHERS. (R)
   MEXICAN SEA SPORTS. (R)
   MUSICAL MEXICO. (R)
   MUSICAL NOVELTIES. (R)
   NAVY NURSE. (R)
   THE ODOR-ABLE KITTY. (R)
   THE OLD GREY HARE. (R)
   OVERSEAS ROUNDUP. (R)
   PECK UP YOUR TROUBLES. (R)
   PLANTATION MELODIES. (R)
   PLEDGE TO BATAAN. (R)
   RHYTHM OF THE RHUMBA. (R)
   SONNY DUNHAM AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   SPORTS GO TO WAR. (R)
   STAGE DOOR CARTOON. (R)
   THE STUPID CUPID. (R)
   SWIMCAPADES. (R)
   TALE OF TWO MICE. (R)
   TRAP HAPPY PORKY. (R)
   UNRULY HARE. (R)
   WAGON HEELS. (R)
   WATER BABIES. (R)

 Vonnegut, Kurt, Jr.
   SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE.

 Vulcan Films Handels, A.G.
   BLUEBEARD.


                                   W

 WRG/Dragoti, Ltd.
   DIRTY LITTLE BILLY.

 Wallace, Irving.
   THE MAN.

 Wallis (Hal) Productions, Inc.
   YOU CAME ALONG. (R)

 Wambaugh, Joseph.
   THE NEW CENTURIONS.

 Warner Bros., Inc.
   A CLOCKWORK ORANGE.
   SKIN GAME.

 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
   CHAMPIONS OF THE FUTURE. (R)
   CHRISTMAS IN CONNECTICUT. (R)
   CONFIDENTIAL AGENT. (R)
   CONFLICT. (R)
   THE CORN IS GREEN. (R)
   THE DOUGHGIRLS. (R)
   ESCAPE IN THE DESERT. (R)
   GOD IS MY CO-PILOT. (R)
   HARRY OWENS AND HIS ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHESTRA. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD CANTEEN. (R)
   HORN BLOWS AT MIDNIGHT. (R)
   HOTEL BERLIN. (R)
   I AM AN AMERICAN. (R)
   I WON’T PLAY. (R)
   LET’S GO FISHING. (R)
   LISTEN TO THE BANDS. (R)
   NAUTICAL BUT NICE. (R)
   OBJECTIVE BURMA. (R)
   OUTDOOR LIVING. (R)
   PILLOW TO POST. (R)
   PRIDE OF THE MARINES. (R)
   RHAPSODY IN BLUE. (R)
   ROUGHLY SPEAKING. (R)
   SPADE COOLEY, KING OF WESTERN SWING. (R)
   STAR IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT. (R)
   THE VERY THOUGHT OF YOU. (R)
   YANKEE DOODLE’S DAUGHTERS. (R)

 Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.
   SEVEN GOLDEN MEN.

 Warner-Chilcott Laboratories.
   PRODUCT SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION: DERMATOLOGY.
   SALES ORIENTATION.
   THE URINARY TRACT.

 Warner, Jack L.
   DIRTY LITTLE BILLY.
   1776.

 Warner, James A.
   THE GENTLE PEOPLE AND THE QUIET LAND.

 Warner-Lambert Co., Warner-Chilcott Laboratories. SEE Warner-Chilcott
    Laboratories.

 Weinkauf, David S.
   PEDAGOGY AND POLITICS: NOTES FROM A SURVIVOR.

 Westinghouse Learning Corp.
   CHARTING.
   COLLECTING DATA EFFICIENTLY.
   CONCEPTS AND VOCABULARY--INTRODUCTION.
   DECIDING BETWEEN TWO ALTERNATIVES.
   DESCRIBING COLLECTIONS OF DATA.
   ESTIMATING THE COST OF UNCERTAINTY.
   FORECASTING.
   GETTING INFORMATION FROM DATA.
   RELATING MANY VARIABLES.
   RELATING TWO VARIABLES.

 Westinghouse Learning Corp. Training & Development Division.
   CHARTING.
   COLLECTING DATA EFFICIENTLY.
   CONCEPTS AND VOCABULARY--INTRODUCTION.
   DECIDING BETWEEN TWO ALTERNATIVES.
   DESCRIBING COLLECTIONS OF DATA.
   ESTIMATING THE COST OF UNCERTAINTY.
   FORECASTING.
   GETTING INFORMATION FROM DATA.
   RELATING MANY VARIABLES.
   RELATING TWO VARIABLES.

 Westlake, Donald E.
   THE HOT ROCK.

 Weston Associates, Inc.
   LADY SINGS THE BLUES.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   MY RED UMBRELLA.
   THE RICH MAN AND THE SHOE-MAKER & BRIAN WILDSMITH’S WILD ANIMALS.
   ROSIE’S WALK.
   THE THREE ROBBERS.

 Whitman, S. E.
   CAPTAIN APACHE.

 Wickenhagen, Isa.
   MY RED UMBRELLA.
   ROSIE’S WALK.

 Wied-Neuwied, Maxmilian Alexander Philipp, Prinz von.
   TRAVELS IN THE INTERIOR OF NORTH AMERICA.

 Wilcox, Daniel Harris.
   CLOUDS AND RAIN AND THINGS.

 Wilcox, Ronald.
   RICE GROWING IN BONTOC.

 Wild Dog Films.
   BIGHORN.

 Wilde, Oscar.
   THE SELFISH GIANT.

 Wildsmith, Brian.
   THE RICH MAN AND THE SHOE-MAKER & BRIAN WILDSMITH’S WILD ANIMALS.

 Wiley (John) & Sons, Inc.
   THE ENERGETICS OF LIFE.
   THE FLOODING RIVER.
   MULTIPLE SLIT INTERFERENCE.
   PROTEINS: STRUCTURE AND FUNCTION.
   STATISTICS AT A GLANCE.

 Wilhite Productions.
   SORRY, NO VACANCY.

 Wilhite, R. J.
   SEE Wilhite Productions.

 Wizan Productions.
   PRIME CUT.

 Wold, Margaret.
   LOOKING FOR THE LOST.

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   DEFENSIVE TACTICS.
   TECHNIQUES OF ARREST.

 Worth, Susan.
   YOUNG, SINGLE AND PREGNANT.

 Wright, Arthur E.
   BRETT WESTON: PHOTOGRAPHER.

 Wyckoff, Edwin Brit.
   WHAT IS POETRY.

 Wylde Films Corp.
   MADE FOR EACH OTHER.


                                   X

 Xicom, Inc.
   THE 20% CUT.
   UNIT [4–16]


                                   Y

 Yale University.
   THE MAKING OF BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID.

 Young World Development.
   MILES TO GO.

 Yukon Pictures.
   THE LEGEND OF AMALUK.


                                   Z

 Zweibel (Seymour) Productions.
   NEVER SAY NO, SAY CATALOG.


                                                ☆ U.S. GPO: 1973–504–234

                  *       *       *       *       *

These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


  Copyright           Changed From                  Changed To
 Registration
   or Page
    Number

 MP22696      © 16Jun79                    © 16Jun70

 Gilkinson    Gilkinson (Anthony)          Gilkison (Anthony)
                Associates, Ltd.             Associates, Ltd.

 Pettitclerc  Pettitclerc, Grace M.        Petitclerc, Grace M.

 MARVERICK    AN UNFAIR COMPARISON, DEMON  AN UNFAIR COMPARISON, DEMON
                VS. MARVERICK.               VS. MAVERICK.

 COLLING      COLLING SYSTEM SERVICE.      COOLING SYSTEM SERVICE.

 Mutal        © Liberty Mutal Insurance    © Liberty Mutual Insurance
                Co. (in notice: Liberty      Co. (in notice: Liberty
                Mutual Insurance             Mutual Insurance
                Companies)                   Companies)

 1. Corrected spelling, accents, grammar, hyphenation, and punctuation
    of names according to the following guidelines.
        ● The names of movies in the main Motion Pictures list
          determined usage unless all the Index entries indicate
          otherwise. See change list.
        ● The names of individuals and companies featured in the Index
          listing determined usage unless all of the Motion Pictures
          entries indicated otherwise. See change list.

 2. Silently corrected simple spelling, grammar, and typographical
    errors of other than names of movies, persons, and companies as
    mentioned previously.
 3. Otherwise retained anachronistic and non-standard spellings as
    printed.
 4. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.
 5. Superscripts are denoted by a caret before a single superscript
    character or a series of superscripted characters enclosed in curly
    braces, e.g. M^r. or M^{ister}.
 6. Subscripts are denoted by an underscore before a series of
    subscripted characters enclosed in curly braces, e.g. H_{2}O.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES THIRD
SERIES VOL 26 PTS 12-13 ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
